0 its their character not their color that matters
0 don't be afraid to love again everyone is not like your ex
0 putting bows on your pet
0 i love everything and everybody! except for squirrels i hate squirrels
0 everybody loves chocolate chip cookies, even hitler
0 go sports! do the thing! win the points!
0 fine you're right. now can we fucking drop it?
1 tattoos are bad for your health i know 5 million people that had tattoos and they all died
0 how long can i run? till the chain tightens
0 what is he hiding? we need to see his tax returns! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30,000 emails, used bleach bit on hard drives, then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about people hiding anything truth uncensored
1 jew mad? get fuhrerious!
0 removes polish with chemicals, nobody bats an eye
1 brother... a day without a blast is a day wasted
0 when you're the only dog left at the dog shelter and the black family wants to adopt you
0 voting for hillary is like letting casey anthony watch your kids because she's not guilty
0 they will soon be free
0 is it ok for your son or daughter to call another man "daddy?
0 most religions are religions of peace
0 when you find out there's an opening for the role of first lady
0 if people reject me because i stand on the truth then i have no problem walking alone
0 from the bottom of my heart i would like to sincerely apologize..... for being white
0 lets erect a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1,500 miles long 30 feet tall and put it on the southern border
0 just because they do this dosen't mean they'll do this
1 if there is no race it can't be homicide
0 here's to all my friends who never post about politics or religion
0 enjoying a day at the beach
1 when you come home from a long day of suicide bombinb and your wife gives you this look
0 is bribing muslims for liberal votes justin trudeau's only skill? why does justin trudeau love foreigners so much while openly disrespecting canadians, canadian values, our history and traditions, our seniors and veterans? sharia law has no place in canada! never has... never will.
0 when they take too long to blow out the candle
0 one simple question why are we letting one man systematically destroy our nation before our eyes? answer mitch mcconnell
1 d.j. osama spin laden droppin' beats like the twin towers
0 move to new york they said it'll be fun they said
0 my sandwich-maker is very slow today
0 when you accidentally fall in the toilet
0 two woman walking home together after a nice day out together
0 texas churches be like... pew pew pew
0 i don't always have a heat stroke and get frostbite in the same week but when i do i know i'm in kentucky
0 doesn't wear tampons because she trips over the string
0 when you can't decide to pre heat the oven or just throw the meal in right away
0 happy shot in the face day 5-2-2011
0 1 bomb every minute
0 black power comes with a lot of responsibility
0 that chiken is so black no one is going to eat it
0 i hope both teams lose
0 say the damn pronouns
0 goin
0 we need problem solvers not racist and religious bigots in office
0 officer down
1 we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our government?
1 when a porn video features a tranny but then' she' turns out to be a midget too you had my curiosity but now you have my attention
0 rep. dan crenshaw former navy seal decorated war hero literally lost an eye "doing something about terrorism" rep.ocasio-cortez former bartender supports socialism told dan crenshawn he should "do something about terrorism"
0 nice watch must have cost an arm and a leg
1 i'm sick of politics so here's a pic of michelle obama riding a unicorn
0 when you suck at photoshop
0 for the last time.. i'm not michelle obama
0 i'm cute
0 and then i told them you're going on a fun camping trip
0 the jussie smollett case explained. "how do you plead? " "innocent!!!" "black, gay, trump hater, friend of michelle obama
0 please consider donating water to children in need
0 you're a wizard motherfucker
1 relax mexicans you are rapists, drug lords and criminals
0 hey look at me! i'm a serial pedofile
1 when you just finished shooting a bunch of black kids but accidently killed a squirrel
0 obama working to legalize medical cannabis for all of the usa
0 my wife just got a seashell tattoo on her inner thigh if you put your ear to it you can smell the ocean
1 when you beat the shit out of the tranny hooker after you nut and call it a f****t but it doesn't get back up
0 ring ring hello? i've been waiting for your call all damn day!!!
0 i like my refugees like this '' '' ''
0 when you get hungry you can either think about it or..
1 what's the difference between a jew and a pizza? a pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
0 taking photo with a mosque
0 "ay, tone. how'd da gas stay in if da door is made of wood?"
0 what do i have in common with cow pies? the older we get, the easier for you to pick us up!
0 running chocolate
0 imagine, if you will an entire country so ignorant that the people wilfully give billions of dollars in order to elect rich criminals to rule over their lives and steal their money, but believe they are free
0 im never doing a garden again!
1 coming soon to your neighborhood 300,000 islamic heathens demanding the usa change to suit thier sick religion
0 listen bitch, before you start fucking with me you should know my team is bigger
0 masturbation it's not just for men
0 what is this sleep of which you speak?
0 oakland mayor libby schaaf i saved 800 ms-13 rapists, murderers, molesters from ice
0 what if i told you that you cant "tolerate" a person who agrees with you? "
0 look both ways before you cross the street
1 what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults? a sandy hook
0 she said "choke me daddy" so i gave her 2 popeye's biscuits without a drink
0 meditation before going to school
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 so there is this new implant that can actually fix stupid
1 if you're vaping inside a mcdonalds, inside a walmart ... that's the turducken of white trash
0 this cat is pushing a watermelon out of a lake. your argument is invalid
1 what do you call a retarded jew? auschwistic
0 that blackened chicken was so dry it reminded me of your mother
0 yo dawg, i heard you like memes  so i made a meme mocking memes you so you can can mock me knocking memes while reading mock memes
0 when everybody's worried about their ex but you're just here enjoying your lemonade
1 cannibal tribe from indonesia will take muslim refugess in any amount
0 when you see the gas bill
0 cheers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with information that contradicts their beliefs
0 broken chair
0 stop being a bitch
0 honestly how often do you masturbate?
0 spending quality time with dad
0 when you consume too much trans fat
1 when i was a boy we didn't have things like adhd. it was called being a little bastard
0 y'all kids claims to be victims of slavery when we were the ones who lived it
1 jews are the problem. not just zionists or israelis. jews. all of them
0 him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing? him: chopping fucking vegetables
0 be happy you dont have neanderthal dna
1 black people black people "why would white america do this?"
1 white people walked on all fours before black people came and showed them how to stand up
0 when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
1 its national hebrew day go pick up a hot girl
1 mohammad is fucked by blink hacker group! oink oink! hi! my name's mohammad! fuck you muslims!
0 i woke up like this
0 i am still so confused about the strategies in this game
0 "at first, i didn t want to wear a hijab." "but my husband convinced me otherwise."
1 i stand with hitler these was this time at auschwitz when i needed medical attention and doctor mengele was there for me
1 if you hold a black baby to your ear, you can hear the police sirens
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
1 what's the difference between a walrus and a lesbian? one smells like fish and has a moustache and the other is a walrus!
1 i'm not transphobic i just think trans people shouldn't exist
0 hitler getting his tan on
1 i'm uncertain where i stand on abortion i like the killing babies but hate the idea of giving women a choice
0 when you're facetimeing and accidently fall down the stairs
0 when your wife and girlfriend dont get along
0 i like your cologne what is that? tricare? deers
1 literally nobody: white people sitting at the bar: can you put it on the golf channel??
0 bitch, say something else
0 this is racist but this is not?????
0 your tits... in my hands, put them you will
0 there must be some way this victimizes me
0 when your eating out your grandma and you taste horse cum then think to yourself "oh that's how she died
0 damn girl that's a policy i could get behind
0 this guy grabs your girl's ass in the bar what do you do?
0 it's important to listen to your elders please don't forget!
0 when you have to make your own pool
1 that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you remember your a changed man
0 if you believe that, i've got a virgin goat to sell you!
0 immigration invasion learn the difference
0 want one as a slave when you watch how slow they work and you wonder why anyone would
0 when you finally buy a dishwasher this works a lot better than a sponge
0 we build our houses with stone
1 whats the difference between santa and the jews santa goes down the chimney
0 how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them
0 you are so cute
1 it's ma'am!! yooouu lookah like a man
0 bigbird singing to child on seasame street
0 best part about a hooker dying on you? the 2nd hour is free
0 the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
0 white people already paid reparations
0 making america white again
0 scared you today, didn't i?
1 subway is similar to prostitution you pay someone else to do your wife's job
0 my friends coming to see me after a crazy friday night
0 trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
1 i heard we can get free steroids in australia please help feed and house this poor, defenceless refugee. don't be racist and let me in!
1 go be gay somewhere else
0 celebreated 4/20 on january 5th because i know how to reduce fractions
0 when the employee asks what bra size you wear
1 god: *creates jews* god: *creates jesus* jews: *kill jesus* god: *creates hitler* god:
1 gays aids it really be like that
0 congratulations it's non binary
1 islam is the religion of peace! if you don't agree i kill you!
0 send me sexy pic
0 when you're a convicted rapist but reruns of your show are still on tv because it's not like you tweeted something
0 when they don't get the memo that they lost the war
1 the look you give when the bubbles in the pool are pulsating your pussy just kidding she's retarted and thats her normal face
1 racing for pink slips in africa
1 we kill you on 9/11 and you elect 3 of us to congress, stupid infidels!
0 if he's marrying me then why's he fucking my mom
0 when you bout to nut in your cousin and you hear the barn door open
0 9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
1 go be gay somewhere else
1 just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn deep goat
1 cute getting ready to start kid her life too bad shes already fkn' dead raped and murdered by an illegal immigrant
0 what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
0 when she smiles at you from a distance
0 see if you can find the guys from white chicks lol
0 smirked at an adult media coverage: 30 days shot up a school media coverage: 2 days
0 nothing says "pull me over" like some red solo cup brake lights!
1 chillin with my chromies
0 hillary isn't in jail, the wall isn't built, isis hasn't been defeated & obamacare is still in place but trump gave himself a $23 million tax cut and that is important to me
0 what i say about the gunman every time there's a mass shooting
0 this is really out of mein kampfert zone
0 god will forgive you no matter what you've done sweet
0 hey liberals & democrats have you forgotten
0 pure american muscle
1 they stole ma chickin i stole their life
0 all races are equal
0 when you haven't stolen anything in a week
0 when you have errands to run but you're too tired to deal
0 husband gives massage.. ...aaaand now i have a dick in me
1 who cares if mexicans are offended americans are offended by illegal immigration
1 hold up when she says she likes hung black men so you take her back to your place and she starts tying a noose
0 loyalty always has a cost some times it pays off... ...and some times you take a loss
1 fuck islam
0 ain't nothing but a goat
0 what your ancestors were doing july 4, 1776 what dummies do today for july 4th
0 ignorance and hate will lead you to nothing but shame
0 when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo kid just hung himself improvise. adapt. overcome
0 lost african tribe
0 anne frank writing in her diary
1 a german ss soldier punishing a small jewish boy by sticking a sharpened spear in the boys anus, auschwitz concentration camp, poland 1944. (colorized)
0 definitely a new cultural era!
1 when you suicide bomb an islamic mosque during a friday worship
0 my wife asked me where i'd like to be buried apparently, "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting
0 dick punch funny regardless of species
0 this beef is so raw its eating the salad
0 lisa page: obama doj ordered fbi not to prosecute hillary clinton why is the mainstream media ignoring this bombshell
0 when you're fucking but wanna make sure he's not stealing anything
0 replaced kitty litter with pop rocks
0 so..convert to islam or die?  i say fuck it..let's roll
1 cadbury's halal creme eggs  now available in special edition
0 i'm sorry i left the seat up, it won't happen again
1 ever notice that christians are bad drivers
0 teaching them how to hunt young
0 when mohamed puts it inside
0 let's see if they get scared now ! bring they ass out here ! we will cut their heads off
0 when you find out who's been eating your leftovers
0 trump supporters be like show me where he lied
0 you are not wanted! you are a mental deficient!
1 it's a proven fact marines islamic radicals are less prone to violent acts after they've been shot in the head
0 when instincts take over
0 when you make a meme using a different language that everyone can still understand: no es mucho, pero es trabajo honesto
1 18 years later
0 says he alone is tough enough to defeat isis still too chickenshit to release his tax returns
0 when you find the cake your mum was hiding from you
0 welcome refugees to poland's newest 5 star hotel
0 i date crazy bikers with beards cause once you ride a beard and a harley you don't go back
1 heroin is destroying the white community keep up the good work heroin
0 and then i says to her no, i got your nose
0 infamous
1 gee, i'd like to suicide bomb the crap out of that church, but i got a thing at 5 couldn't abdul do it?
0 look at this throatagraph
0 the look your women gives you when you can't finsh the job
0 the pimp hand strong enough for man but made for teaching
0 wait this isn't my dog
0 real friendship is sending them a link to something terrible so you can both be traumatised at the same time i torture all my friends. it's how i show love
0 a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in
0 this is why we shoot you guys
0 this chick can't stand fishing
1 lesbians should not be allowed to buy dildos you made your choice bitch, now live with it!
0 when your fifth pet eats food from another guys hand
0 please be patient... we creating a better fuckup for all
0 chinese ppl be like happy thanksgiving
0 in this edition we don't buy property; we steal it!
1 it happend mom, a black guy gave me complement ohhh sweety i'm so sorry. that means you need to lose about 30 pounds
0 this isn't the way, there's always a better way
1 it's ma'am look i found a penis
0 i don't always feel like i'm at the top of the gene pool but when i do, i'm at walmart
0 when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
1 hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, this is my grenade so blow me, maybe?
0 as much as abdul tried he could not get the fucker into first gear
0 when you drink and drive you will get busted
0 when people ask me who my favorite golden girl is
1 where did jimmy go during the bombing? everywhere
0 been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
0 in a wolrd full of these people be this person
0 when your boss asks for the report but you went out the past few nights
0 a good heart goes a long way
0 oh, you're tired of my anti-trump posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
1 obama voters
0 feel that? it used to belong to bruce jenner
0 how people look at me when i tell em i don't have kids
0 whose dick do i have to suck to get these charges dropped?
0 can afford to travel from romania to london still picks your pocket
0 immigrants illegal aliens
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 the loudest one in the room.. is the weakest one in the room
1 how could this happen in the current year? when it's 2019 and there are still people who refuse to celebrate rectal wart sex
1 ernie mocks tyrone's lack of a father in front of the whole class
1 when you see a child in a gay parade half naked twerking with everyone celebrating ernie prepares to commit a hate crime
1 how many times do we have to teach you this lesson, you tranny freaks ?
1 why is it bad to be a black jew because you have to sit at the back of the oven
0 what people do in the bedroom is not anyone else's business
1 when you hear 'em yelling that allahakbar crap, just shoot 'em before they blow up a bomb, or start stabbin' and shootin' people
0 i really like 50 cent or as we call him in zimbabwe 4 billion dollars
0 banner in the streets hulk in the sheets
0 wait, mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh, really size doesh't matter to me lol
1 "america has stolen the jews the jews of god. his jewelry. the negroes. they are the true hebrews" google it
0 left lanes need to exit right right lanes need to exit left here's 300 feet. make it happen
0 wing wing wing herro? thats racist!
0 we are soldiers and we fight for our countries to our last minutes
0 liz krueger, n.y. state democratic senater wants to infiltrate the nra and take it over yeah, just like she infiltrated mcdonalds all those years..
0 wait for it .. 
1 wants you to accept him for being a girl couldn't accept himself at birth
1 i hate all fucking jews they are scum of the earth
0 when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
0 for seal thanks.. very fucking useful
0 it's time we make peace with islam
0 when ur too young to know the concept of racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
0 what's the difference between menstrual blood and sand? you can't gargle sand
0 when i grow up i'm going to be a famous doctor
0 i said a glass of orange juice not just any juice
1 im not racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people
0 still smiles even when they are scared
1 the only "perferred pronouns" a tranny needs is "it" or "thing"
0 ex girfriends be like.. i don't even care what he does anymore!!!
1 he's making a list, checking it twice gonna find out who's getting deported by i.c.e
1 i win again! parkinson's center
1 fuck allah, fuck muslims and fuck islam. and if you don't like what i say then fuck
0 be kind to those less fortunate than you
0 love is love respect
0 we swore we'd never forget 911
0 i may be blind but at least i'm rich!
0 you don't need an ar15 to protect yourself but he does, and this guy and this guy, and him and him and him
0 laughs in 52% of us crime rate
0 when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
0 justin trudeau the imam of canada
0 with sensitive ass people, my sense of humor is way too fucked up for that
0 my little brother ate all the scrabble tiles... sense than alexandria ocasio-corte ton and his shit makes more sense than alexandria ocasio cortez
0 i'm not saying that your perfume is too strong. all i'm saying is that the canary was alive before you got here
0 do you have any idea how black you were going?
1 you may be a racist if.. your response to a question from an african american is to mention the inner city 25 times
1 when i was a kid i thought black people were made from anal sex
0 greetings ... time to run
1 a girl asks her mom, "why am i black and you're white?" she says, "the way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark. "
0 when you have to fight captain america because you had an argument
0 chelsea clinton.. so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
0 no less beautiful
0 i'm so fucking gay i can't even think straight
1 government shills hate him!!! <<< this aussie shitposter removes 50 muslims with this one weird trick and basically you are fucking accelerated!
0 if i can't trust you i don't need you
0 everybody having kids /getting engaged and i'm over here like
0 never let someone who has done nothing tell you how to do anything
0 and for my next trick i'll make democrats defend rats
1 i didn't hear the question ... ...but the answer is, white people are racist
0 rosie o 'donnell had to be removed from her home today to make good on her threat to leave the us if donald trump became president
0 i'm going to prison aren't i ?
0 hoes be like why can't i find a good man
0 when you take this girl on a date and she won't stop talking.
0 i could have annihilated all of them but i left some of them alive so you will know why i was killing them
0 keep it up and you'll get some regime change
0 when she's mad at you but you want her attention
0 mobile nun
1 didnt stand during the national anthem... no one said a word... # whiteprivilege
1 come on our shame tour! we will show you how to murder babies and harass the elderly
0 if they aren't meant to cook why do they have eggs and milk inside them
1 white people dont shoot eachother in the streets like black people do we do it in schools, because we have class
0 "people are tired of the same, old ideas" says the 74 year old socialist
0 don't get me started about your tranny problems
0 when you advocate for killing babies after their birth and then you have ash on your forhead for ash wednesday unbelievable smh
0 donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be trailer trash
1 this one time at camp we got so baked
1 never had one before . what? a room to yourself? a white bitch
0 when your stoner friend looks in your fridge
0 i put brake fluid in my meth... now i can stop whenever i want
0 when your goat hits your g-spot
0 when you're trying to be a good student and just learn magic but three kids in class keep getting in trouble all the time
0 confession-every sunday around brunch time i take my cat to the mall and make people take pictures of us
1 thanks trump for my new job making america white again
1 for guys that like it nice and slow gimme a call
0 march 8th international women's day
1 forgive me allah.. i just can't understand why i am allowed to behead my enemies and marry little girls, but i can't eat a fucking ham sandwich
0 jokes don't kill people they kill people
0 if he's marrying me then why's he fucking a goat
0 fuck you, asshole how's that for customer service?
1 get ready for your future white folks.. nuclear fire & eternal slavery!
0 that face you make when you get asked a question and have to think on it for a while
1 colin kaepernick and his evil white oppressors oh wait, those are his parents!
0 go ahead, call the cops see who cums first
0 terrorism is just part and parcel of living in a big city. sadiq khan london mayor tokyo: over 13 million people no islamic terrorism
0 animals enjoy motorcycle rides too
0 when nobody knew who you were until you got on your knees
0 cutest little beagle in the whole wide world
0 creeps into your childs room empties his sack
1 black chicks even the white ones are ugly
0 grandma is not getting run over by a reindeer this year!!
1 holocaust jokes are offensive ann frankly aren't funny
0 love is love is love is love
0 muslims in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation
0 well judge, made me do it all remember it was me who first said was kenyan
1 when your goat tells you she ain't on the pil
0 the old lady treats arthur to some delicious cookies she's baked
0 so i prayed over him like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
0 been dropping blessings all year like
0 watch out i'll put a bomb in your car
1 i'm not racist. racism is a crime and crime is only for blacks
0 "where did you learn to make kool-aid like that britney?"
0 what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase.. a branch manager
1 when you beat up a black kid and get arrested for propriety damage
0 thats a little savage
1 abba ree i can fryyy
0 did i just hear grandma tell me "no"
0 shes got them summer teeth summer here summer missing
0 when you her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick.. wayment
0 batman! thank god you've arrived!
0 learning to ride a bike
1 when you finger a girl from auschwitz
0 obama voters
0 he's like 20 and still plays video games bitch please, yall 15 and pregnant
1 cooking teacher: 'today we'll learn how to use the ovens' the german kid:
1 "islam is love!" - ariana grande yeah, if you're a goat
1 "islam is love!" ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah, if you're a goat ***
1 hmmm minyoda i am beat women i must
1 how do we destroy the patriarchy? it's simple. we eat it
0 "i went to walmart and picked up a new sandwich maker."
1 new for 2015 peel and stick eye-slit stickers to make your garbage & trash sharia compliant in compliance with sharia law, you can now turn all your garbage into muslim trash!
0 when you feel beautiful no matter what the haters say
0 you'd be angry too if you found out they cancelled your favorite show
1 what's hillary's favorite pizza? little seizures
1 when the muslim kid you bullied starts counting backwards
1 "okay class bring out your calculators" mohammed:
0 i refuse to debate gun control with folks who eat soap and are confused on which pisser to use
0 i think i almost got my dishwasher working
0 the old lady shows arthur what she used to do during the war
0 that's where the new skyscraper is going to come up
0 when you run out of bras and have to hold the girls up on your own
0 both men and women sacrificed in different ways but it was all to protect their comfortable home
0 the fuck did you just say?
1 i can put up with muslims killing canadians but i absolutely will not tolerate canadians criticizing muslims
0 i am 73 years old. who's going to ask how i do it??,,,
0 felling cute might fuck a goat later. idk
0 how to get out of a gym contract
1 his grandparents died in the holocaust so we gonna put an oven in the trunk
0 islamic warrior's funeral in palestine
0 how it feels being a military spouse over 30
0 chloroform puts the sensual back into non-consensual
0 what do you mean happy columbus day?
0 exfoliating with the tears of my haters
0 reaction to a home invasion non gun owner: we're gunna die!!! gun owner: i'm your huckleberry
0 when you have flashbacks from wwii
1 as muslims, our quran orders us to immigrate to other countries, replace their governments with sharia law, orders the murder of christians, jews and all gay people, while embracing slavery and pedophilia. thanks democrats for making it so easy for us!
1 i didn't choose the tranny life the tranny life choose me
0 how the co looks when he tells the crew were not getting mail on the next ras
0 i support americans even though some of them are really hating on me right now
0 dark humor is like him '' it never gets old
0 tries to send killers to kill dante in dantes inferno
0 it is disgusting to laugh at gender dysphoria
0 based in america
0 this is what vitiligo looks like
0 what every muslim looks like to me
0 "so first of all you guys didn't even invite me to your little airport fight and you guys know how much i love fighting so fuck you"
1 all those in favour of bringing swedish women to america as refugees instead of muslims please like and share
1 i said glass of juice not gas the jews
0 can i get an order of savage with no chili please
0 when you ask your girlfriend who tf is texting her at 1:47 a.m
0 mississippi wind chime
0 auditioned for jazz band not enough soul
1 throwing off a gay one with the boys
1 no means no unless she's dyslexic then it's on
1 we will kill every man, woman, child shia, sunni.... zoroastrain, kurd or christian but we don't touch israel why is that?
0 when it comes to acting scarlett johansson has amazing tits
0 influence elections? haha that's a hoax
0 to bad i don't speak peasant .!
1 racism exists among all races in the world.. white people are just better at it, like most things
0 never forget the holocaust
1 white people doing weird shit black people being criminals stereotypes they exist for a reason
0 record black employment record black welfare record black imprisonment
0 happy and stupid
0 when you step on a landmine but you do not weigh enough
0 fuck i stepped in shit
0 when you finger an asian girl
0 10-4 copy that, approaching the suspect
0 pauline hanson warns: obey our our rules our rules or go back where you came from!
0 the answer to the age-old question, does a bear shit in the woods? answer... yes they do! and here is scientific proof
0 and to think, i almost swallowed you
0 bank took your house? that must be tough
0 hey kids for a good time dial #666-hotdawg
0 you ever get laid in a sleeping bag? it's awful. you can't even move, you're drenched in sweat, and your scout master is covering your mouth
1 pissed off two men becuase i refered to them as hipsters apparently the correct term is "conjoined twins"
1 any girls a squirter if you sever an artery
1 the tranny your you been girlfriend fucking
0 friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
0 they told me i could become anything so i became a scarecrow
0 our voice can change history for better or...worse
1 indians evolution after 15august1947
1 i was chatting this liberal chick in a bar who told me that i should be more open to muslim culture so i raped her
0 obama throws first pitch at an all-star game
0 no difference between both
0 how it feels to chew peppermint gum after biting a jalapeno
0 when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she's day 3 sick
0 live your life every moment
0 i like offending people because i think people who get offended should be offended
0 smoke pours from the wtc on 911
0 me during no shave november
0 i had twins with my third husband, which i conceived while married to my first husband, and delivered while married to my second husband, who adopted them before i divorced him and married my third husband. but that was then, now i'm married to my fourth husband. i'm just an evangelical who believes in the sanctity of marriage
1 she literally tweeted "let's make gas chambers great again"
0 once you go black so does your face
0 running tired of bitches from the dick? i give you the clamp that bitch down 3000
1 chicken niggers
0 this has nothing to do with this post but i have 2 barely fucked goats for sale
1 we're new, bold, and we hate you! we hate whites, jews, christians, conservatives, republicans, & patriots
0 sad world history
0 it wasn't my fault my truck has tranny issue's
0 on behalf of nsw go f@#k yourself queensland
0 not all angels reside in heaven.. many walk the battlefield.
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 my dad is the best at hide and seek he's been gone for 15 years
1 your purchase of $19.99 comes to $21.36 after theft
0 when another dog pees on your lawn
1 when you're a nazi officer and someone gives you the name and location of a jewish family
0 hello jesus thanks for making a way!
0 that's right white crackers
0 everyone knows hitting appliances that stop working, sometimes fixes the problem
0 barn army enlist, and bomb ant hills "grab your pitchfork and meet at the barn"
0 be sure to spay or neuter your spouse today
0 when you catch your goat with another man
0 mississippi wind chime
1 black people: damn y'all crackas some bitches y'all so sensitive lmao mayo ass crackas white people: black people:
0 in alcohols defense i've made some pretty shitty decisions while sober
0 when someone starts acting all friendly, but you already know what they really are
0 burning things that don't mean anything to you
1 what's the difference between a cow and the holocaust? you can't milk a cow for 75 years
0 if you outlaw abortions abortions will just happen illegally but if you outlaw guns we will all be safe from gun crime
1 when the chow mein was on point but you kinda miss your cat
0 the thing about deeply depressed people is we don't smile with our teeth we smile with our eyes
1 my momma... momma says girls are the devil
1 the most beautiful chimpanzee and above him is one uglyass retarded nibba who says dc is better than marvel
0 when someone says, "money can't buy happiness." then explain these.
0 and then i said homosexuals can go to heaven
0 just like that democrats who said you aren't mature enough to own a gun til 21 decided you are mature enough to vote on laws about guns at 16
0 what bomb
0 elon musk presents infinite energy source
0 new seat belt design 50% less accidents
0 when you tell him he can't go to chic-fil-a on sundays. what do you mean?
0 it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
1 when they asks why you dropped the muslim kid off from school to give the parents back their bomb
0 when you floor it but your passengers arent ready
0 you can't get her pregnant if she's a goat
0 you see that?? it means get the fuck back to the kitchen
0 now imagine if native american cowboys rode bicycles
0 not all of us are terrorists but all terrorists are one of us
0 first rule of fight club.
1 who let this retard in this group
1 africa 100 years ago africa today + aids
0 *laughs in goat-fucker*
1 christianity making white people stupid for the past 2000 years
0 and then i said, mr. president only targets there's no walmart's in north korea
0 a bad day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security a good day for us all in 2019
0 hachimaki is a traditional headband worn by japanese men
0 beach vibe
0 lmao laugh my ass off
0 gays on their way home after pride week
0 take me out for dinner first then you have my permission to play lol
0 i'd like to report hello 911 emergency? a misandry! yes this girl came out of nowhere and totally ignored my man feelings!
1 black friday sale
1 roses are red, violets are blue mexicans are rapists, and so am i
0 we are peaceful people
0 all walks of people can celebrate the gift of life
1 the smell of not wearing deoderant
0 when the pope addresses the people he does it with a smile
1 when you're shooting up the school and the cops shoot the black kid that's running away
1 they trained you to hate the only man with the balls to stand up to them
0 don't do the crime, if you can't do the time
0 when you've had a long day but you need to but geroceries
0 o yeah we got the nintendo switch! hey goat, yes human? close your eyes goat, ok human
1 (muslim noises)
0 summers here lets swim
0 first of all, take a moment to realize who the fuck you are talking to
0 good skeleton
0 i just started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats prophets are going through the roof
1 "radical" islam? is there a kind that doesn't molest children and goats and behead people?
0 when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that?
1 when you vent to a white person ughh, my mom pissed me off wanna kill her? there u go wit dat bs
0 man getting arrested by the la pd
0 what! no i am not asian
0 obama voters
1 when she hits you with the super sloppy 2 handed mctwist while making eye contact and calling you daddy and you just go full autistic
0 after smelling that home cooked meal
0 bosses be like when you coming in?
1 don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
0 "oh no hundreds of white people: years of culture is being destroyed" all other reaces: first time?
0 its a 3-day weekend pace yourself
0 some crazy rez girls be like: "if you ever leave me, i'll punch myself in the face and tell cops you did it"
0 african kids dancing and celebrating
0 one of the most brillant minds in science
0 it's time to stop this
0 fuck the enemy so hard their eyebrows bleed
1 why isn't my drain working? probably cause the pipe's black
0 all part of satan's plan. the anti christ will come from this
1 actually retard, the muslims aren't the problem the problem is that pussies are stopping us from killing the muslims
0 weeeee! im back home
1 "why do you have to punch a hole in the wall when you get upset?" white guys: it defines who i am
0 run along now felicia you don't want to miss the water truck.....ya thirsty bitch
0 --and if anything happens, the women are to blame -- that's right, it's their fault, definitely
1 when you see another black person getting their ass whipped by the cops stop breaking the law
0 we used to have safe neighborhoods now we have "diversity"
0 when you enter the womens restroom by mistake
0 dressed for sundays best
1 this steak is so black it stole my television
0 broken dishwasher for sale or rent
0 what does a baby from auschwitz look like?
1 wing wing wing herro? thats racist
1 cumshot on jewish girl face - 1943
0 conjoined twins abby and brittany
0 when u tryin to be cute but she gotta make everything sexual
0 being disabled doesn't stop me
0 going on vacation vs going back to work
0 am i hearing the american people correctly you want to hand over all your means of protection and make it easier for terrorists to come into the country? gotcha!
0 democrats claim daca kids shouldn't t have to pay for their parent's crimes.. ...but white people are still responsible for 17th century slave owners??
1 well let me tell you something brother fuck niccfps
0 ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
0 this offends me ban them do you agree?
0 you funny mother fucker you!!
1 one day, long, long ago, there lived a woman who did not whine, nag or bitch. but it was a long time ago, and it was just one day. ~the end~
0 the look on your face after killing someone!
0 that job interview was going so well. until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow
0 "where you can get with that bull shit what is " fuck outta here" correct
1 a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in! 18 years after 9/11 and this is where we are at?
1 when the plantation owner trades you for a tractor w.t.f!!!
0 ps4 playstation' vr required food simulator 18 18
0 black men latin men asian men white men
0 i'm awesome on the piano but i suck at singing
0 it's okay honey,we stole what we could and we'll live way better than the fools who voted for us
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 part of america, "muslims have always been starting in colonial times" and they were hijackers and terrorists back then too you f'n jackass
0 people will do shit like this but lock their door when someone sketchy walk by
0 i just ran over nancy pelosi you're welcome
0 new military drone to fight isis it explodes on penatration
0 stop the racism.. we were all white once..
0 the black ranger do you really think they were just talking about his costume? your argument it's completely valid!
0 i don't like the sun so i wear a visor
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 first they laugh then they imitate
0 they stole ma chickin i stole their life
0 musslamic democrat ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma" to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
1 i got 99 problems and chromosomes are one
1 sweden 2050 the muslim and african hordes execute the last real swede
1 i played baseball with a bunch of orphans yesterday. i won, because none of them knew where home was
0 when someone accuses you of being racist, but they don't realize you have a black friend i know someone
0 there's no shame in having pride in who you are
0 when your boss volunteers you for the next suicide bombing
0 "it's time for us to impeach this president" ilhan omar should president trump be impeached?
1 there's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start!
0 honestly i'm probably single because.. i never forwarded those chain messages in 2008
1 "they can try removin this flag" (dog) "it cant be that hard, half the trailer park has already"
1 "judgement day will not come until the muslims fight the jews and kill them
1 what's the difference between a jew and a pizza a pizza doesn't scream in the oven
1 to see better, asians sometimes switch to fullscreen view
0 no more excuses let's go out and celebrate
0 don't blame people for disappointing you blame yourself for trusting them
1 mohammed was a pedophile and a rapist true story
0 wow they are upset
0 "do you have a moment to talk about bacon?"
0 i got some  down bitches i can call
0 men can be frustrating why can't i ever get a date i'm so lonely
0 black people anything that doesn't belong to them
0 time to kill some motherfuckers!!
0 by cutting off their hands leopold ii of belgium massacred millions of africans
0 lawn darts muslim style
0 when i grow up i want to be a doctor
0 promises trump is going to be arrested gets arrested the day after it's confirmed trump isn't going to be arrested
0 fuck tryin' to please people that can't be pleased life is too short!
1 islam is the religion of peace! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
0 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen
0 we demand more sancuary cities for refugees! you would want the same for yourself!
0 theory of everything imdb 7.7/10
0 soybeaner fest 2019!!!! coming to a farm near you!!! if facebook allows it
0 wait , mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh, your haircut looks great!
0 guns don't kill people clintons kill people
1 muslims treat women like dogs & liberals don't dare speak up they're too busy bashing christians
0 "life hack #23 how to get stoned with no weed"
0 i don't understand your specific kind of stupid. but i do admire your total commitment to it
0 so the military is doing its job, but not getting paid. and congress is not doing its job, but getting paid?
0 i have suddenly forgotten how to swim
0 been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
0 put the money in a bag. now! that will be $0.15
0 "never forget" - you said.. i am the proof you have forgotten
0 we want sharia law !! well.... go home
0 child homelessness is the new issue in america
0 went gay clubbing with some friends turns out out they were expecting something very different
0 we shouldn't just study civics in high school we should study other cars, too
0 chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin'
1 so i was going down on my grandma the other night, and i tasted horse semen i stopped for a second and thought to myself:is this how she died
0 even i can see duke sucks
0 only 30's kids will remember this
0 hahaha fucking idiot
0 puts an intern under his desk impeachment proceedings for lying under oath bends an entire nation over his desk placed on a pedestal by liberals and the media
1 i'm voting for trump whitetrash lives matter the hoosier state
0 earth's most endangered species white children
1 to all you salt water whiteback supremacists... ...your uber is here!!!
1 new swing set installed at linkin park
0 now that's what i call koality
0 manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem....
0 now that's a level of stupid i've not seen in a long time
0 get in loser we're invading poland
0 umm yea.. if you you could just go fuck yourself that'd be great.
0 when one of your boy says he's a fan of conor mcgregor
1 virgin sheep running from horny muslims
1 what do you mean by: "you're a hero ...and you have to leave."? come on dude, let me in. nigger
0 tweekers be like y'all hear that shit!?
0 muhammed and aisha, the first date
0 lyin' thinking about lyin' really lyin' just got done lyin'
0 when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that?
1 when you get shot in the groin by a rubber bullet and your made-up gender doesn't protect your willie
1 this is my wife and it is 100 percent legal under sharia law that is a fact coming to a city near you
0 when isps are pushing to get rid of net neutrality protection from the law oh fuck put it back in!
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 the test results are in and... you are a nigger
0 make the best out of what you have
0 white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
0 when you're in jail and missing her like crazy
0 great minds think alike
0 it's funny because he's fat!
0 jesus take the wheel. carlos, you take the stereo. and i'll take lookout
0 when i was a kid i found a vibrator in my parents room they told me it was a muscle massager, i rubbed it on my sore muscles all the time
0 there's just certain shit you don't do in life out of respect!
0 save them from death
1 they say a woman's work is never done maybe that's why they get paid less
1 which jewish girl is hotter?
0 domestic violence should never be tolerated
0 when they know you got a drug problem so they give you a gift card instead of cash but they don't know how the dope game is played!?
0 prayer is powerful, it matters not when or where
0 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
1 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 i'll never forget who did this no matter how much facebook defends them
0 if ignorance is bliss this is the happiest man on the planet
0 you idiot you threw shit at the wrong keeper
0 slinkies are a good valentine gift for your girl
1 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut here i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that it can change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
0 the face he makes when he's about to tell you another war story
0 did we run out of gas ? someone get out and push
1 it is no longer pc to call someone a "tweeker"... they must now be referred to as "methican american
0 normal people after a tragedy me : oh man these memes are going to be fucking great
0 how to keep the thefts out
0 some people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water. some kids will never know the struggle
0 thanks for visiting
0 i'm sorry, i can't help it, i'm just a jackass
0 idc about who has a problem with me spreading knowledge because i feel the same way about people spreading ignorance
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 you find it offensive i find it funny.. that's why i'm happier than you
0 where's jaws when you need him ?
0 when your pesky cat wants to be extra warm despite telling them no
1 dont you care about my future? stop the "refugee" invasion
0 i'm not only smart, i'm street-smart. oh sure, you're street smart sesame street smart
1 i'm not sexist sexism is wrong and being wrong is for women
0 unless you want to be a stamp collector then there's no reason to be mad with this
0 chocolate melts at 86*f
0 i can't wait to name you some dumb shit nobody can pronounce
1 what would i do if she was pregnant
0 the look you give when you gonna start trouble
1 #lagostoibadan men are scum, men are scum but you still go 154km for cum
1 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
0 joke time ... 3 bomb technicians walk into a bar
0 this is what happens when you actually go fuck yourself
1 jesus, how come no one likes me? because you're black. now, go away, little niglet
0 some noise" and she start screaming when you at a concert with ya girl and the dj says "all my single ladies make
0 stop testing the new me like the old me ain't still in me
1 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 every dad: *shaves beard* his own baby: i've never met this man in my life
0 pull up your pants and back away from the goat!!
0 this toaster is on fire
1 my aunt gonna make you white devils pay for her grandmother owning slaves
0 morgan freeman condemning slavery
0 what's worse than ants in your pants? uncles
0 you know you're official when your friend invites you to church
0 when i grow up... lol nevermind
0 be careful with pedestrians
0 when you did something wrong *you unconscious mind: you know what? maybe i need to go to the ranch
0 alabama: bans abortions. all of alabama in 5 years
1 it's hard to be first class when you're white trash
0 piggy back ride racing with friends is one way to get your cardio
0 those fucking russians
1 you can be any gender you want if you are mentally ill
0 when you give him literally one job and he's somehow forgotten
0 i heard you need a new tranny?
0 the face she makes when she dumps a load
0 we have improved in our machines
0 when you go to war with china it's the fifth time i killed that guy
0 hmmm... who shall i arrest first brennan, clapper, comey or obama? hillary first!!
0 maybe energy drinks are like mana potions in real life
0 i need help swimming
0 are you bored? join spastics with special admin powers now
0 toshiba? i lost a friend on that beach
1 i'm this pretty because both my parents are white
0 when they say not to blink or you'll miss the magic trick
1 best thing about an ethiopian blowjob?... you know shes gonna swallow!!!
0 doesn't own a computer can still play minesweeper
0 out of the whole year, we only need women for about 365 days
0 i'm not an asshole, i'm a hemorrhoid. i irritate assholes
0 i'm here to drink whiskey and kill terrorists and brother i'm all out of whiskey!
1 how dikes look when they're in line paying for their pads
0 hurry ladies he's still.. luke warm
0 breaking news a zoo's chimpanzee escaped containment
0 let me be clear i am a treasonous piece of shit
0 and then i said do i look like i give a fuck?!
0 one does not simply walk into north korea
1 mexican and black jokes are all the same once you hear juan you here jamal
1 i pictured a black girl naked today can i get an std from this?
1 last time muslims invaded europe vlad stuck poles up their asses and made a fucking forest be like vlad
1 the face you make when your pussy gets hard
0 israel we're coming for you next
1 bruce jenner's cat
0 if you're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper flotation devices
1 head teachers given the power to ban the burqa in british schools share if you want a full ban in britain!
0 the hardcore way to eat ramen noodles: 1. boil water 2. eat block of ramen 3. drink boiled water 4. snort flavored powder 5 fuck bitches
1 tattoos are bad for your health i know 5 million people who had tattoos and they all died
1 the difference between you and hitler at least hitler could use an oven
1 do you shop at wal-mart? did you vote for trump? you might be white trash
0 the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
1 so, where did you get all of this gold elizabeth? i stole it from africa!!!
0 happy and in love
0 muslims moved in... but theyre not moving out.
0 morgan freeman morgan not-so-freeman
0 after a hard day of work mohammed is very tired
0 i am your equal!! spend money on me!!
0 long story short askies, age restriction okay?
1 i went to school and nikker cheated, ahh fuck
0 do you like kids? because i'm going to turn your mouth into a daycare
0 japanese fashion trends
1 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
0 this is what happens when you don't spank your kids
0 i got kicked out of hogwarts for using black magic
0 you know like when the tv doesn't work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
0 i made a website for orphans it doesn't have a home page
0 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 thank god my ass needed a break
0 birthday because i don't care if it's happy
0 should i call a plumber or a electrician?
0 puts on sunblock doesn't protect from harmful rays
0 look son a dipshit that just made a nonpolitical post into a political one
0 why does the goat look wiser
1 not my president not my residents
0 mama i just killed a man
1 mandatory vaccinations without exemptions. i do nazi see the problem..
0 we should all be like muslims and not eat pork bc pigs are too cute
1 those are some clean burning jews i tell ya h'wat
1 i'm uncertain where i stand on abortion.. i like killing babies, but hate the idea of giving women a choice
0 yo dawg i heard you loved chinese food so i ordered take out
1 when you finally headshot 150 black people
0 so your not a whore ? half a gram says you are
0 heartbreaking i weep for limp dicks everyday
0 life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
0 they did not even leave dogs
0 don't forget guys may is buy your wife a new gun month
1 *pulls pizza out of oven* everyone else at auschwitz:
0 there are three types of girls
0 so i was sucking on her t*ts then the husband walks in and i just sk*t myself
0 showing skin '' since you don't have anything else to offer '
0 children trying to stay cool in the water
0 my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i should have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013
0 talk about everything is better in two's
1 when your fifth wife eats grass from another guys hand
1 when i was a kid i thought black people were made from anal sex
0 where's this bird box everyone's taking about?
0 enjoying new loungewear when it's chilly outside
1 teacher : dont make any explosives inside the lab *le mohammed :
0 oh look... it's the wetern feminist movement when it comes to islam and sharia law
0 my girlfriend said "no more sex in our bed until you put a ring on it" i really hope that she likes it
1 this would be racist if black people could read
1 pork is unclean? ever smell one of these goat fuckers?
0 i went to ride my bike today!
0 i am a test dummy
0 i want your feet to be my kid's jannah
0 each oven could only burn less than 6000 bodies per year, or the metal would fracture tone
1 i don't think abortion is wrong if i was raped i wouldn't won't some black baby in me either
0 when someone tries to rape you but you rape him instead improvise. adapt. overcome
1 starving mexican monkey eating peanuts
1 why isn't my drain working? probably cause the pipe's black
0 white girls stepped their game up
0 why the fuck is this not already a meme?
1 i am not gay.. i am a man who turned into a woman after a bee sting and now i am attracted to men. rellly. trust me
0 hahaha... fuck you bitch
0 they want this because they found love in eachother
1 the name's todd.. retodd
0 how do you make a 4 yr old cry twice? wipe your bloody cock off on their teddy bear
0 grabbing guns because criminals have too many is like castrating yourself because your neighbor has too many kids.
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 let's go! staring contest!
1 what's the worst part of being black and jewish? having to sit at the back of the gas chamber that's reich
0 we cannot arm teachers it violates the rights of the shooter
0 why did god create them? so they could understand each other and hate each other
0 what you really mean when you say your going to the bathroom
1 when cops question someone who just got robbed did anything seem strange? like maybe something black?
0 mom : can you mash the vegies me :
0 dear girls, before you call a guy ugly, just remember he does not wear make up
0 when you get caught jacking off to the snapchat girl filter of yourself that wasn't me that was patricia
1 men are like dogs we re excited to see you... and have no clue what you're mad about
0 when you and your squad rest after a long day protesting trump
0 i swear i put sunscreen on!
0 say cheese! photobomb
0 largest drug bust in u.s. history.... 2 tons of crack!!
1 future sex slaves welcome their muslim masters
0 hundreds have gathered at a volkswagen owners meet up according to nasa, the glow from their check engine lights could be seen from space
1 i may be blind but at least i'm not black
0 hello my lgbtq+ friends it's pride month so free shots for everyone!
0 back to the... hall of fame 19th annual rock and roll
0 when they become besties over the same dude
0 i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
1 when someone says "show me in the bible where it says jesus command gays should be out to death?" leviticus 20:13
0 what does a baby from auschwitz look like?
0 #treason anti-american democrat adam schiff funded by america-hating george soros
0 canadian border jumper detained by american patriot
0 when the dishwasher isn't working properly and you have no tecnical knowledge whatsoever so you just decide to talk to it and hope it starts working good luck
0 who you are inside matters more than how you want others to see you
0 red wine? that's a lifestyle choice
0 this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
1 when the teacher leaves the room and the retarded kid puts his dick in the pencil sharpener
0 has more skeletons in her closet than jeffrey dahmer
0 i enjoyed watching the king kong movie
1 instead of being "born again" why not just grow up?
0 abyssynian slaves in iron collars
0 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
1 when you ask the jewish girl for her number and she starts rolling up her sleeve
0 have you ever tired ethiopian food? they say its delicious
0 if trump isn't hitler, then i'm i'm a moron well i'm certainly not gonna argue with that
0 how to wink at a muslim
0 you think your day was bad? these two didn't get accepted to the same college
1 it hurts the poor muslim's feelings? well, whoopty doo... this aint arabia meathead
0 i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of poop
0 no more tears next time walk, do not run
0 if you think the crakkka of today is different from the crakka 500 years ago, you're a damn fool
0 when you're not fit but you know you're still majestic af
0 think we just discovered "cop crack" bacon wrapped donuts mother of god
0 this isn't even my final form
1 muslims when someone uses kilometres per hour instead of wifes per child sex slaves
0 cameraman: i don't understan- psychic kid: trust me this will be really funny someday
0 no one: steven hawking
1 beheaded, shot and stoned to death: 369 trans people killed this year you gotta pump those numbers up. those are rookie numbers
0 let me be perfectly clear... i will never stop lying to you suckers!!!
0 i got back with my ex box360
0 lovely couch you have here it'd be a shame if someone were to shit on it
1 i'm proud to be rude and crude and crass, i'm proud to be a redneck piece of white trash
0 bro u dont watch idubbbz? bro.... thats kinda cringe
0 parents will lie to their children about why they celebrate thanks giving christmas easter and holloween they have the nerve to tell the children "don't you ever lie to me"
0 news from 20th century
0 fidget spinner for woman
0 when you are that ugly you don't have a choice
0 assad: my son is smarter than yours, lol hamid:
0 everyone is excited for the baby to come
0 the numbers are supposed to go down, not up!
0 oh boy i hope i get out of here so i can go home and check on my dog
0 kenyan shit
0 when you slap your dishwasher too hard
0 worst pijama party ever
0 without the wall copied to clipboard this is what we get!
0 if you're gonna screenshot a meme at least crop out the black space
0 yeah, i hear you i just don't give a fuck
0 old yearbook photo of a cute child
0 african american leaders organizing the la riots april 29, 1992
1 so you're telling me that black people "stole" the n-word from white people? typical
1 dumbass fucking white people marking up the internet with their opinions like dogs pissing on fire hydrants. ~ sarah jeong, nyt editor the new york times
0 i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
0 happy birthday sister
1 which jewish girl is hotter?
0 hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, this is my mad face so i might be angry
1 white people dont shoot eachother in the streets like black people do we do it in schools, because we have class
0 you! out of the gene pool now
0 i like my rice crispy please
0 they told me i would miss my family i never miss at close range
0 white people after 10 shots black people after 10 shots
1 he asked me if its permissible to smoke marijuana in muslim country. so i told him in our contries only gays get stoned
0 2 years on the job... 4 million jobs gained 1 month on the job... 25,000 jobs lost
0 how!? can i get dat percap?
0 true strength comes from within
0 no. no man. shit no man. i believe you get your ass kicked saying some sumthin like that man
0 i put the ape in rape
0 russian flag
0 we can do it best!
0 i'm just gon sit here & mind my business
0 i support terrorists because they're pea brains like me
1 here's a little song i call "the talmudists are planning to kill us all"
0 when you can't wait for them to cut the cake
0 alright i'm going to let go now
0 i don't always roll a joint but when i do it's my ankle
1 bitches be like at the beach with my besties
0 what the fuck am i looking at
0 when people say you have an explosive personality
0 says he's going to destroy isis too scared to speak in chicago
0 once a year, women go completely crazy for about 365 days
0 take advantage of u.n. and foreign aid-funded housing and benefits "death to the west!"
0 carribbean women
0 half my problems are caused by my tone of voice & sarcasm everyone thinks i'm either mad, arguing, or just an asshole while actually i'm just talking
0 the look after you told your mom you cleaned your room
0 want proof firefighters do it better? ask a police officer's wife
0 when she on top & you trynna catch a titty
0 on the way to go play
0 extremist are brain washing the children
1 even if you cut your penis you will never be a woman
1 six years kid: i want to be an architecht, when i grow up cancer: i'm about to end this man's whole career
0 when abortion is illegal so you become an anti-vax parent improvise. adapt. overcome
0 all these flavors and you choose to be salty
1 normal people: "black squirrel" me: "squigga"
1 did you know that the chinese eat dogs disgusting savages
0 dogs are cute, great compantions, and can be taught to obey and protect. a better option than a gun
0 slipped and hit the bathtub now everyone is asking if things are okay at home
0 i have no idea how to do your job but my book says you're doing it wrong
0 how i feel after the all you can eat buffett
1 and then they said... what about the irish slaves??
0 yeah bitches totalinarism is a sham
0 ready for a king of the hill marathon?
1 you rape em we scrape em no fetus can defetus
0 "hi. i'm the electrician. i'm here to remove your shorts, and check your box."
1 back in my day blowing a tranny meant car trouble
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 i had a bad dream about the ku klux klan
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 william shatner has discontinued his new line of ladies lingerie apparently "shatner panties" wasn't the best choice for a name
1 musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatend members of congress she's told several republicans that shel'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
1 hotline to : allah pull pin hold to ear then wait for dial tone
0 i told a girl to text me when she got home. she must be homeless
0 emperor haile selassie i world tour a.k.a. ethiopia on the march
1 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
1 this would be racist if black people could read
0 i'm not any different
0 when dudes try to be funny at the club i'm sorry, is this some sort of peasant joke that i'm too rich to understand?
1 the last thing a tr*nsexual sees before it gets sent to hell
0 ultimate terrorist lure position decoy and wait
0 am i gonna wish you happy birthday? dafuq else im'a do
0 my liberal privilege liberal privilege kept me out of prison
0 a group of men
0 oh look he already has an arrest warrant
0 assad: my son exploded better than yours, lol hamid:
0 i love coke more than pepsi
1 i am peacful! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
0 when you forget who you are, you too forget who they are
0 everyone wants me to read the constitution but it's written in cursive
1 bitch.. shut your ugly crack addict looking, poor white trash ass up
0 when you're still alive after years of destructive alcohol and drug abuse  life, uh, finds a way
0 be fake, just to fit in i can't, my life was hard, i been through to much"real" shit
1 i didn't say i wanted to hang the gays, i said "i prefer gay men to be hung"
0 good morning
0 instead of being "born again" why not just grow up?
0 you will never see refugees from america. when things turn to shit, we don't run to another country. we dust off our guns and fix it
0 dad, does wanking give you big muscles i don't know son, but don't stop now, i'm about to cum
0 former first lady during an interview
1 the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim
1 i fuck goats allah is great!
1 i'm not gay, but for 20$ you can ramit inmah ashol
0 so there is this new implant that can actually fix stupid
1 this pork is so raw its ramadan time muslims worship piggy
0 any time you have to rely upon your enemy for a job you're in bad shape!
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 if you think t willl stop eating palony and viannas voetsek!!! stupid no brain here
1 her: you must be retarded if you think we fucking me:
0 stop confusing illegal aliens with immigrants
0 the hollow coa$ter
0 i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
1 nipsey hussle?? didn't that boy pick cotton for me
1 "i'd like a book on suicide." "fuck off. you won't bring it back."
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
0 they will have a surgery soon
0 first they laugh then they imitate
1 you know what really grinds my gears? niggers
1 the city of seattle leaves poop on their sidewalks ...because hosing it off is "racially insensitive"
0 a good day for taking a selfie
0 *hits blunt* 'dog food lid' spelled backwards is "dildo of god'
0 scientist are working hard to cure them all
1 manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
0 it looks like you're pregnant i'm pregnant?! no, but it looks like you are..
1 august, 1945: the last words of the would co-pilot moments before he total destruction on hiroshima unleash i hope these rice people like mushrooms!
1 that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
1 there is no hindu terrorism in india. what if say it isn't true? will shoot you dead
0 when the squad's in town and yall ready to go to the hoe down
1 hello my lgbtq+ friends it's pride month so free shots for everyone!
0 the face i make when the media calls bruce jenner catlyn jenner
1 when your girlfriend buys a dishwasher this is getting out of hand. now there are two of them!
0 bitch please we both know that's a lie
0 guess who got reported again by some weak minded asshole
0 that's enough facebook for today this sammich isn't going to make itself
1 all kinds of people may worship odin except gays, jews, transgender, sex workers, arabs, asians, non whites, hispanics, and niggers
0 if you have guns and children, gun safety should be a priority
0 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you? "
1 after group sex mohammed is very tired
1 it's racist to call me a goat humper even though i hump goats
0 so much trash we need a garbage collector
1 step one: turn on the gas
0 illegal aliens immigrants
1 my first act? getting rid of the smell he brought to the house
0 yes let the hate flow through you
1 if i had a dollar for every racist thing i've said... some black motherfucker would probably rob me
1 nobody: arabic talk show: good morning i hate women
1 i don't always fuck midgets but when i do, i go balls deep
1 killing black people is like saying the n-word.. they do it all the time, but get really angry when white people join in
1 don't mind me i'm only watering my muslims
0 you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
0 nevermind ... i'll just wait here
0 send him to... meowschwitz
0 kids be like just wait till i get out of time out
0 when she says you're like a brother to her, but y'all live in alabama so iz we fuckin or nah?
0 only about time i make it as a character on street fighter
0 life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
0 god wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth
0 when a badge and gun aren't enough to cope with your fragile senses of self worth and masculinity: roadhouse!
0 your hate makes us stronger
1 when you can smell shit but you're not sure if it's his arse or your hands
0 the pic after saying i didnt drink that much last night to your friends
1 when you get kicked out the library for putting women's rights books in the fiction section i'm right
0 police academy graduation ceremony
0 washington and cornwallis at laguardia
0 proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
1 that chicken was so black the police just arrested it
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 i have no idea how to do your job but my book says you're doing it wrong
1 praise allah! our 72 virgins
1 single black mothers with multiple children by different men created the modern day ghetto
0 when her toes start throwing up gang signs u hit that spot
1 i got some down bitches i can call
0 friday nights be like
1 honor killings are part of our culture well then, it will be my honor to kill you all
0 they want this not because they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
1 i cannot comment on your mother because cows are sacred in my country
0 dear "mrs.imtoogoodtoanswermydms" this will be the last dick pic i ever send your ass. it's been 6 months and still no nudes, don't deserve it. know you got my last dick pic, i put the filter on it perfect
0 coming home wasted at 6am and seeing people jogging look at these assholes
0 running away from racism like:
0 white people is this a shooting range?
0 wnen you're walking home and come across a naked corpse i shouldn't
0 the only thing more vile than the attitude of these anti americans.. is the absolute ignorance of the delusional people that voted for them
0 don't make me kill yourself because that's how you get me to kill yourself
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
0 can't get enough save palestinian kids
0 saddle up boys!!! time too play cowboys
0 after waking up in the dark, while sick what year is it
1 "we asked 100 normal people what do you associate with islam?" terrorism 28 paedophilia 25 hate preaching 20 unwelcome invaders 10 excessive breeders 7 goat fuckers 5 i think the missing answer is peace? if it's there i'll give you money myself
0 finds ringtone that says "amen" no longer has to silence phone in church service
0 cute female amputee
1 i have a dream  that one day my people will not act like animals
1 oh! big surprise he does this you had the steak! i seem to i only had a salad every time! have forgotten my wallet. 13 jews splitting the check
0 when you're broke af but still gotta buy christmas gifts
1 when your history teacher starts talking about the holocaust ''
1 what's the difference between an elevator and a black guy... an elevator can raise a kid
0 that face you make when you smell something funny
0 i'm starting to understand both the appeal of and the demand for sex robots
0 they're just like eggs better when beaten well
0 you've been hungerstruck!
0 he didn't let his disability hold him back
1 stephen hawking reincarnated as a chair
1 what is the difference between an illegal immigrant and e.t.? e.t. learned to speak english and wanted to go home!
1 just banged a girl that stutters finished before she could say "no"
0 so then we told them cannabis is dangerous and pharmaceuticals are good for you
0 when instagram notifies you that someone is going live the fuck that gotta do with me
0 i made a website for orphans it doesn't have a home page
1 "did you sleep well?" "like god during the holocaust"
0 that is so wrong! should wear a helmet
0 its cool were divorced but we will always be cousins
0 i don't have ex's. i have y's. like, "y the hell did i date you?!?"
0 sorry i annoyed you by making you do your job
0 he looks hammered to me better nail him!!!
1 you see that?? it means get the fuck back to the kitchen
0 i suffer from that disorder where i speak the truth and it pisses people off
0 when you have scented pokeballs
0 that look when you just sucked 3 dicks for an 8 ball of baking soda
0 anne frank hid from the nazis for 2 years
0 america is made from immigrants. period. we are a melting pot of diverse people
0 yeah bitches 6,000,000 kill streak
0 face of terrorism in us
0 when the whole family wants to go on the party boat
0 sea monkeys
1 my favorite vegetable is me!
0 michael you can afford it
0 years ago slaves would be used for farming
0 i told on you, she's pissed
0 racism is realizing that these are not the same species
0 not sure if you're being funny or stupid
0 you can be happy and smiling in any situation
0 showing the kids you can do it too
1 my president sitting with a traitor and his tranny wife
0 recruiter added me on linkedin so i guess things are getting pretty serious
0 when your teenager "cleans his room
1 don't mind me just watering my muslims
0 muslim porn star
0 these aren't people
1 look mommy. that woman on tv is wearing my diaper on her head... it's okay honey. she has shit for brains
0 when i grow up i want to be a scientist
0 all these flavors and you choose to be salty
1 burn them all that's my girl
1 once a year, women go completely crazy for about 365 days
1 when you come home early and catch your 5th son from 3rd wife in an objectionable position with your favoutrite goat
0 i'm not sorry
0 when your white friends invite you to dinner and tell you to bring whatever you want
1 when you get arrested and the cop says "you have the right to remain silent" but you're happy because finally you have a right
0 the face she makes when you hit the g-spot
0 the closest i've come to murder is holding oreos under the milk until the bubbling stops
1 "no samuel, the star does not mean you're sheriff now"
1 everyone told me ''he is gonna leave"
1 i swear harvey's been chasing the same fly for the last 13 years
0 white kids be like i'm killing everybody, watch
0 duramax owners be like smokes like a freight train
0 look! johnny knoxville! it's ba'am!
1 heeeeaad shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame
0 this violence will not be tolerated ! only we're allowed to do that !
1 honor killings are part of our culture well then, it will be my honor to kill you all
0 everyone wants colonel sanders autograph when they see him out in public
1 look son... another terror attack by peaceful muslims!
0 fuck off ya orange bastards
0 i didn't have kids so others could take care of them while i "enjoy" life everything can wait. i have a child that needs a mom. my priority. my responsibility. my life
0 cosby trump why is this guy the only one convicted? matt lauei harvey weinstein bill o'reily charlie sheen
0 when you think of a cute idea for maternity pictures
1 i normally rape goats. but little boys are okay
0 this one time at camp we got so baked
1 don't shoot im unarmed
0 wax on whacks off
1 has an orgasm... ...shoots out tranny fluid
0 yea, if you could go ahead and explain memes that'd be great!
0 lmco laugh my cock off
1 a lamp post in a busy countryside street
1 you can hide but you can't run
0 here's a simple grammar question leeroy! "what comes between two intimate and independent clauses?" a semicolon
1 is a mental illness. being transgender it's a rejection of reality, leads to anxiety, depression, and in some cases self-mutilation and/or suicide. that's not healthy
0 they violated human rights
1 i'm sure people who lived in the bible where whites there's no way black people would kill someone who turned water to wine
0 these kids need elf on a shelf to behave? that's cute. we had belt on a shelf
0 the face you make after you nut and the goat keeps sucking
1 jesus take the wheel. carlos, you take the stereo. and i'll take lookout
1 i caught my goat cheating on me!
0 women of power
1 go trump maga white power 2020 kill every race we don't want them fucking our white women
0 rep. ilhan omar: 9/11 was 'some people did something' here's your something 2977 people dead by terrorism
0 okay now make sure to get my good side
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 ever notice that everything deemed evil by god liberals are for?
0 not sure if i should steal or purchase with food stamps
0 when your girl is crazy and she finds your side chick
0 healthcare is a right and the government should pay for it guns are a right, should the government pay for them too?
0 where's the chex mix
1 *violently hitting your favorite punching bag* the other $20 crack whore
0 i'm not saying it was muslims but it was muslims
0 my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i hould have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014and planned them in 2013
1 see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them jewsy medium rare is best
1 i hate christians  they all make generalizations about people
0 a school bus that was engulfed in flames
0 the people who give a fuck are right over there
0 smoochies from donald on your birthday!!!
0 a muslim '' '' party
0 ay man, how ya been?
1 ever tried african food? niether have they
0 football season is once again upon us my brothahs can i get an amen?!
0 when you cousin gives you a christmas gift and its not a blowjob so, thanks for nothing. merry christmas
0 a local market
0 ilhan omar a powerful woman of color
0 where's jaws when you need him ?
1 shut up, slave! happy 4th of july boss!
1 i'm not saying you're retarded but you're retarded
1 original black friday sale
0 ww2 was not a game
0 an expensive netflix bill? i did nazi that coming
0 peace is love
1 they will soon be extinct
0 that feeling when you get home and you can finally poop
0 when one of your neighbor's needs help now this looks like a job for me
0 a black man invention
1 it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
0 when you can hear mom getting taken to pound town on the fuck truck and all you can hear is her queef and grunt like wildebeest
1 two muslims walk into a bar boom boom!!
0 this is adam schiff -democrat- house intelligence chairman, on record to have seen overwhelming evidence mueller report delivered 3/22/19 of collusion why more investigations? just ask this clown for what, exactly, he has seen
0 when you eat your rehab romance booty in the laundry room but she's day 3 sick
0 oh you're offended i'm sure i have some thicker skin for you in the back
1 when i grow up i'm going to blow up
1 when your dad goes off to do his suicide bombing fuck your sister and it's your turn to and your mother
0 weekend friendship brunch date
1 the ink pen has always been one of the most deadliest weapons of the caucasian with it he can sign your life away to poverty, prison, and slavery
0 need for speed: africa
1 me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave every one else at the senior center:
0 me: wanna watch porn or golf? her: porn. you already know how to golf
1 here's to you obama, your transgender agenda helped me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list
0 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
1 jamal! im pregnant!!!
1 hide and seek european champion  1942-1944
0 i realized i have a road rage problem when my kid started yelling: "pick a lane asshole!" while in my grocery cart
0 groom excited on his wedding day
1 me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
0 squidward setting the kitchen on fire
1 i just got out of church... just kidding, i'm not that fucking retarded.
0 "scientists have discovered that they have a lot of intelligent dna unfortunately most of them spit it out"
0 need a job? the democrat party is hiring no experience or intelligence required
0 its national hebrew day go pick up a hot jewish girl
0 cheers to all my haters! be patient. so much more is coming
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
1 immigrantswave our flag invaders wave their own
0 i want to be inside your lady garden gnomesaying?
1 when your teacher and classmates make fun of you for being bad at math so you decide to teach them 7.62x39
0 i wish you never exsisted
0 whoever photoshopped this is a huge jerk
0 "you forget to turn off your cooker in time and steam and water everywhere"
1 why are liberals so angry? its not like republicans can take their slaves away again.
0 when everyone who has been calling you racist for the past 2 years are pedophiles
1 gays hanging out in the muslim world
0 young muslim woman in a hijab stands at the doorway
0 i haven't seen a taco this shitty since my wife started wiping back to front
0 has anyone seen gary? gary is about this tall
0 how you guys think you looks like but when pados wale pandit jee sees you taba renso
1 feel that? it used to belong to bruce jenner!
0 make america great again
1 me: *turns the oven to 450 degrees* everyone else at auschwitz:
0 this is what it's like to turn yourself in
0 cop: please step out of the car me: i'm too fucked up. you get in
0 i was raped in jail, mom dad takes monopoly way too seriously
1 fuck multiculturalism have white babies
0 you're so full of shit even your eyes are brown!
0 i killed a mouse for you.. i'll do anything for you...anything
0 you're entitled to nothing want it? earn it
1 absolutely haram absolutely halal
0 oh, addiction isn't a disease because it started with a choice?? tell me more about how the chlamydia in your crotch isn't a disease, yet it started with a choice
1 bull shit, the evolved form of ape man
1 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
0 i'm offended, you can't say that! nooooo, i can, i did and i probably will again!
0 when someone starts telling you a story and you already know they're full of shit
0 anjem choudary wants this removed because he says it insults islam. so i thought fuck it, why not share!
0 you're one ugly motherfucker
1 i like my refugees like i like my pasta limp and floating in water
1 fucks a goat fucks a goat
1 laughs in 52% of us crime rate
1 but dad please respect the rights of trans kids, it's who i reall- i am going to beat your ass until it's a bloody pulp you hear? no son of mine is going to be a goddamn woman!
1 all men are animals baby, some just make better pets than others
0 "whatever we once were "the future must not belong to those who slander we are no longer a christian nation" the prophet of islam "
0 when you're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre-schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
0 that moment you realize if you turn your head you're a dead man
0 men that say they don't like a big fat booty probably prefer a big fat cock
0 remember the past to save the future
0 and then he said that he could only 6 burgers
1 that's right canada! we used your tax dollars to purchase the pipeline so it would never get built!". the destruction of canada is the plan, just ask our boss!" who could imagine well done! that canadians are that stupid?
1 the most popular, but least talked about, white trash barbie! kids b like "not my fault you didn't pay the cable!"
1 gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
0 "stupid bitch" is not a race
0 don't let that sit out for too long
0 me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
0 pineapple on pizza in front of a confederate flag let's see how many people we can get pissed off
0 let me make this clear: if you are on my friends list, you are my friend. i do not copy and paste your post to prove i pay attention to you if you need attention that bad, i suggest a puppy
0 when you're on your way to worship allah but you forgot your prayer rug
0 get your fucking hawns aff ma willy
0 my face when im wating for my cookies to be done baking
1 what do you get when you cross harvey price with a pritt stick? a sticky black spastic
0 been talking shit about trump since day one now crying like bitches after getting called out
0 you've been drinking beer, i smell it on your breath . no, i've been eating frogs' legs. what you smell is the hops
0 when he's attractive but not kinky it's a shame because he has so much potential
1 girls reaction when teacher says "get out of class" boys reaction gorilla in a fuckin coupe reaction
0 what can happen if you eat wheaties for 38 years
0 am i allowed to watch excuse me, miss? the cowboys game here? of course, sir. it is 2019. you're allowed to be gay anywhere
0 shit someone added too much soap to the dishwasher again
1 ramadan begins may 27 bombathon ends june 24
1 my mom says if i get 1m likes they'll pull the plug
0 you think im cute? aww, get otter here
0 old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
1 that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
1 what's the difference between an illegal immigrant and e.t.? e.t. learned to speak english and he wanted to go home!
0 not my president not my residents
0 the media calls them refugees but this is what you will get
0 we are returning our broken coffee maker
0 finally got to do anal! and yes she's a squirter!
0 this is why we shoot you guys
0 men are such pigs, i hate them all why can't i ever get a date, i'm so lonely
0 the original people of americas then social status classifications negro & indian now same phenotype, different social status classifications
0 when you use "n" word when you word for use "n" filipinos
0 stop it! i'm trying to work with dishwasher
0 did my post offend you? tell me which one so i can post ten more just like it you sensitive little bitch
1 hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
1 finally gets naked with girl in shower holocaust
0 when she likes 3 of your memes in a row guess i'll hit it raw
0 when you're fucking but wanna make sure he's not stealing anything
0 if you dress like this on laundry day... you'll have an extra 'load' to deal with!
0 wait, mohammad come back!! i didnt meah to laugh, really size doesn't matter to me lol
1 we have 3 apples. we give away 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
0 when you've finished with your life of crime
0 chocolate good job it dosen't make all children smile
1 straight men's physiological stress response to see two men kissing is the same as seeing maggots
0 this is bill bill supplies his guests with beverages bill makes sure they have a place to sleep bill is a gracious host be like bill
0 the enemy within linda sarsour ocasio-cortez rashida tlaib ilhan omar
1 brett kavanaugh grabbed my penis
0 all i'm saying is, oyedepo can't be "dangerously wealthy"... ...if he didn't have a pack of "dangerously stupid" followers
0 happy birthday i made you a drink
1 if adam & eve were native american try this apple, it's tasty..
0 this type of mission needs to stop
0 yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
0 when you've already explained why your mad 3 times & he still don't get it let's just fight
0 when he brings home his first girlfriend
0 micro implant allows terrorist to speak to god. it comes in various sizes generally from .223 to .50 caliber
1 how muslims see us
0 get the hell out
0 when everyone thinks you're the bomb
1 if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight it will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
1 white kids be like i'm killing everybody, watch
1 what are you spooks up to
1 what's the difference between jews and a loaf of bread? a loaf of bread doesn't burn in an oven
0 monday at skul after watching sarafina
1 july first we will open the military to transgender people isn't that why we have the coast guard?
0 i googled my symptoms and it turned out i just needed a beer
1 what a long day. i can't wait to get in the pool with my online friends on habbo hotel on this date, july 12, 2006 what the fuck do you mean, "pool's closed"? i fucking hate niggers
0 black lab yellow lab chocolate lab meth lab
0 ilhan omar participates in a house education and labor committee markup
0 it can't be homicide if there is no race
0 30 seconds into chloroform and chill and she gives you this look
0 if you're constatntly referring to your skin color or other people's skin color... maybe you're the racist
1 remember when you needed to bang your tv to get it working? i tired that with my dishwasher and now she's pregnant
0 hiroshima hiroshima nagasaki everybody needs a friend
0 transgender satan is not amused
1 overly attached muslim girlfriend i killed your other 4 wives so you have more time to beat me
0 firefighter saves baby
0 overdose
0 it is disgusting to laugh at gender dysphoria
1 when your gf is fucking a black guy, so you break a tail light on his car so the police will stop him & shoot him. modern problems require modern solultions
0 i am never drinking with you fuckers ever again!
1 white people: all asians look the same also white people:
0 it's a wiener pit kinda like your mouth
0 that moment in history when bill clinton decided to rip those poor mexican kids from their momma's arms
0 put an end to domestic abuse!
0 how it feels after getting a paper cut
1 females jump from dick to dick like parkwhore
1 remind your father while he's carving the turkey that your sister prefers 'dark" meat as you glance over at her bastard mixed race chilren
0 look! i can nearly fit as many balls in my mouth as your girlfriend!!
0 "a blow job a day will keep his side chicks away" -sasha grey
0 during a speed chase which song are you blasting in your car ?
0 when you wake up a minute before you alarm goes off
0 lisa page admits obama's doj ordered fbi not to charge hillary clinton in email scandal... hi i'm barrack obama and my ass is grass
1 no matter what anyone tells you racism is ok
0 me cis girls
0 everyone deserves a chance
1 i said glass of juice not gas the jews
1 i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know i watch anime and hentai
0 what do they want? to kill more
0 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
0 welcome to new york home of the 3 biggest assholes
0 puts sock on doorknob sleeps with a blow-up doll
1 racist grandmoth always treat the jewish kids well, or they will put the shini curse on you
1 i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
0 for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
0 when your teams down by 2 points and there's 43 seconds on the clock
0 i pretend to like people every day it's called being an adult and that's why we're allowed to buy alcohol
0 proud protector of the american flag and everything it stands for
1 suicide hotline, how may i help you today sir? i'm feeling suicidal great can you fly a plane?
0 it's super rare to find a kitchen that has four ovens and three dishwashers
0 this is not right
0 hahahaha! fuck your feelings
1 what are you doing ? nothing babe just women stuff you crashed the car again?
1 becomes a woman immediately kills a person driving
1 jolo jew only live once
0 when you get hit in the groin by a football and your cup doesn't protect your willie
0 should the government... no
0 every place has their meet up spot after school
0 man rejoices over harvest
0 bitches out there sucking unemployed dick swallowing insufficient funds
1 "where did you learn to make kool-aid like that britney?"
0 aging challenge
0 oh shit!! now were in trouble!!
1 when your girl is giving you a handjob under the table
0 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques 49 people were killed at christchurch
0 "i don't see anything wrong with him, other than he stole a wheelchair."
0 mom this popsicle taste like shrimp
0 good things small packages
0 check out these sweet new scrubs
0 only josh can prevent wildfires dammit josh you had one job
0 advice for michael avenatti don't drop the soap
1 japan soars to its highest temperature ever recorded: 106 degrees that's where you're wrong kiddo
0 when you've finished with your life of crime
0 the demonstration of beauty and demonstration of ugly
1 when you finger an arab girl
0 sea monkeys
0 im not saying you're an idiot.. but you're a fucking idiot
0 kids, a husband, a job... living the american dream
1 justin come here the chevy faggots are mad again
0 if you think we need protection from these people... but not these people, you're a special kind of stupid
0 trashy nation
0 when a crack head ask for money for food and you hand them a cheeseburger bitch
0 so you're telling me there's a chance
0 hide and seek european champion 1942-1944
0 this is nothing wait til you see my stamp collection
0 are you bored? let's watch tv
0 we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our governement?
1 if a muslim beats his wife, is it domestic violence, or child abuse?
0 meanwhile in alabama... nothing says come hither quite like your sister in a hefty bag mermaid suit.
1 tired of bitches running from the dick? i give you the clamp that bitch down 3000
1 islamaphobe no i just hate the mother fuckers
0 what's the difference between hillary and putin? putin actually wins the elections he rigs
1 whats the difference between boy scouts and jews? boy scouts come back from camp
0 when the aux lead comes out during a fire tune oh fuck put it back in!
0 moments after you post something that you know is gonna start some shit
0 when your boss asks why you need to leave early bro, i'm straight-up not having a good time
0 we will not be influenced this is great britain bloody europeans!!!" by some say knobheads trying to copy something the french did a few weeks ago
1 you've been hungerstruck!
1 randomly deciding to bake something
0 racing for pink slips in africa
1 i put the "ape" in rape
0 ever hear something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
0 we give your holy flag praise our lord and enslaver
1 gods chocen #psychopaths living on stolen land, armed and subsidized by the so-called "jewish state"
0 call the cops i don't give a fuck
0 when you are doing random stuff and realise you left the oven on
0 pray to god for what you have
1 " son i understand shyquisha has a big booty but she keeps stealing your mother's jewelry, she can't visit anymore"
1 im long and strong and down to get the goat hump on
1 being transgender is a mental illness it's a rejection of reality, leads to anxiety, depression, and in some cases self-mutilation and/or suicide. that's not healthy
0 men days in the days men today
1 where's jaws when you need him?
0 everybody was kung fu fighting
0 we are no longer a christian nation whatever we once were "the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of islam " "
1 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 it was on that day tom had enough of jerrys shit
0 i slipped and fell on ice. i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my hands turned blue
1 "trump's rally lines are big his "concentration camp" lines are yuuuge
1 made rice krispies way before kellogg's
0 how they see themselves how god sees them!
0 stop smoking that isn't cigarette ash, that's what happens to your lungs
0 when you're not allowed to eat pork but you're starving
1 no pity sex? i am going to shoot an unarmed black citizen
0 not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse... cause i ate him
0 don't let this group get you downs
1 kids shouldn't run with scissors lesbians shouldn't scissor with
1 woke up last night to find my tv floating across the room my first thought was ghosts but it turned out to be a black guy stealing it
1 ready for the cupcake? wake up and smell the bacon! we're loosing our beloved america to these goat humpers stop being afraid of being called a racist and grow a pair and act like americans
1 nice boobs i guess it's a tranny omg a shemale
0 mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water . you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
1 kenyans are like sheep, leading them from the hague is like chewing gum while climbing downstairs, easy! come baby, come!!! let's chew gum together.
0 little girl holding her new adopted brother for the first time
1 when it's the 1600s and you just got here from africa master looks after us now
0 & playing you ugly hard to get yo ass is already hard to want
1 know why gay guys never get messages from foreigners they'll get stoned
0 during a speed chase which song are you blasting in your car ?
1 these people are not human they look like peope walk and talk like people sort of but they are demonic entities you cannot rationalize this evil in human form they are under the spell of evil and have no emotion about rape, murder, torture rape of children or murdering you. your life means nothing to them get it?? nothing
0 when you offer to get someone stoned and they decline
0 where's jaws when you need him?
0 all part of satan's plan. the anti christ will come from this
1 the name's todd... retodd
0 when you're not only the gay friend but also have the sickest memes
0 when your moms plastic an you're a spastic tragedy!!
1 sooo gorillas really are humans
1 omg quick, someone call hasmat smells like a concentration camp
0 when you get arrested and the cop says "you have the right to remain silent" but you're happy because finally you have a right
1 things white people do fuck their family members mass shootings smoke meth steal from blacks suck at sports fuck animals lie about being racist
0 horses don't see black or white people. they just see food
1 women are like volcanoes. both stay calm for extended periods of time before exploding and killing everything in their path then, they're calm, again
0 "when thor throws his hammer, he is "serving justice" when i throw a hammer, i "have anger management issues"
0 when your step sister says she wants to have a forehead competition
1 when you move away from india and find out you can't shit in the streets
0 i love you, couch. you understand me
0 you can wear whatever you choose no one should judge you
0 baked potatoes for everyone
0 that look when you find out the fbi is after you.. and michelle obama ain't answering her phone no more
1 what!? no i am not asian '' ''
1 so you think we should import muslims.. did your grandfather import nazis
0 is it legal to masturbate to pictures of yourself as a child?
0 the guy who created the joke the jokers
0 there are many things i need to tell you
0 don't blame me fuel was expensive
0 look! it says it right here! we can fuck goats!
0 every year a million people get sick from eating tainted beef who the fuck is putting their taint on the beef?
1 when you dont stir the nesquick powder in your milk enough
0 roses are red candles drip wax breaking news man tries to trade kidnapped baby for 15 big macs
0 it's obvious that he's thinking about another girl i can't believe that the lamb's bride has been the new jerusalem this whole time
0 joke time 3 muslims walk into a bar.
1 the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
1 let me play with the muslims
0 happiness happens when we stand together
0 an australian man kills 50 people in new zealand ~arv~ and the main stream media blames trump
0 hey, me and ze boys are throwing a kegger at ze moon tower all reich,all reich,all reich!,
1 faceswap ching chong 100
0 i offered her a penny for her thoughts she gave me change
0 when there is no pinyata at the party but the emo kid just hung himself improvise. adapt. overcome
1 life is hard it's harder when you're stupid
0 so, where did you get all of this gold elizabeth? i stole it from africa!!!
0 oh you decided not to use a condom? tell me more why it's her falt that you got chlamydia
0 in norway we work after dinner
1 lmco laugh my cock off
1 what is that wonderful smell? it smells like.... caramel! oh, today we burnt the diabetics
1 sea monkeys
0 felt cute, might go sit down to pee idk
0 handjobs sold seperately
0 when i see people who post "punch a nazi" in person. im a nazi, gregg are you gonna punch me???
0 kids enjoying some underwater diving
1 3 jewish prisoners after being liberated by the ussr (auschwitz 1945 colorized)
1 when you are excited that a muslim has made it into american politics so the next phase of the caliphate can begin and destroy western civilization but you realize it is a woman
1 shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
1 kill all niggers white power
1 when the dishwasher isn't working properly and you have no tecnical knowledge whatsoever so you just decide to talk to it and hope it starts working good luck
0 jew jerky: leave out in the sun until all moisture is gone store in a cool dark place for 3 days
1 bernie couldn't be more excited for his first day as a police officer he outright refused to accept his paycheck, insisting that being able to legally shoot black children is payment enough
1 when the deaf kids are roasting you in sign language so you turn off the lights it's a simple spell but quite unbreakable
1 been here 3 months, gets $1 400 /wk from the government been here 6 generations, gets loan to be repaid in full from the government
0 changing every single country it touches
1 they elect their enemy to rule over them stupid americans
1 when you're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master crack his whip
0 i pushed my life alert necklace now i'm waiting on those sexy emt guys to show up
0 girls be like i hate when guys stare at me at the gym
0 hey this bag only weighs .8 it's graam!
1 i'm going trans hunting
0 you've been hungerstruck!!
0 not a runner? now you are
1 this one time at camp we got so baked
0 thank you so much ! - ariana grande you're welcome?
0 when you get a fish and just stare at it through the fish tank
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 the 70's $5 to see the greatest band live in concert 2000's $100 to see a laptop... live
0 when you finally meet a girl that can make you bust from head please may i have some more
0 i don't know man, i just... i just wanna dance
1 my sandwich- maker is very slow today
1 police training 101 only shoot the black
0 when your vegan boyfriend tries to change a flat tire
0 the media is appalled by threats to her both have been threatened the media applauds all threats to him
0 theleft will never condemn sharia law the muslim vote matters more to them than preserving the constitution
1 him: gonna beat dat pussy into mashed potatoes! her: im down!
1 likes to play games with friends favorite game is called "child soldiers"
0 when you're looking cute as hell at the gym
0 come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with pussy
0 hey mom the goats asshole is inside out. what do?
0 one does not simply believe it's not butter
0 when someone thinks it's okay to fuck with you b/c they think you're all love & light i will stab u in the neck susan
1 when ancestry.com tells me that i'm 0.1% german rev up those fryers
1 '' wing wing wing ''
1 look ma no hands!
0 you wanna pet me?? i'd pet me... i'd pet me hard
0 seems like u have a case of being a lil bitch i'm prescribing you a heavy dose of man the fuck up
1 god does not make people homosexuals or transgendered or sinners of any kind. sin in fallen humanity does
1 where's jaws when you need him ?
1 attention ladies: it's football season!!! bring him a sammich, get him a beer, get a hobby & stfu til valentine's day!
0 yes i have changed i realized i was fucking up and changes had to be made
0 how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
0 anytime my dog growls at me excuse the shit out of my goddamn french, but did you just threaten me?
1 these cute head tilts
1 why do asians have eyes like this? isn't it hard to see?
0 im arrested and im in trouble
1 this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
1 jews: *exist* hitler: there's enough goofy gas for everyone
0 no wig no weave challenge
0 indian accent finally finding the right tutorial you need
1 if a dike started dating a tranny god can't be mad because it's still a relationship between a man and a woman
0 say it with me folks radical liberal terrorism
0 when cops see an unarmed black youth:
0 caitlyn jenner is kylie jenners transexual biological father
0 old times were brutal
1 the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim
1 trump the messiah of white trash racists
0 what if the government funded adoptions instead of abortions
0 stephen hawking defended the use of animals is medical research
1 big bird scolds the negores for even daring to think that they were allowed to ride on a bus
1 feeling cute might fuck a tranny later, idk
0 if elected i will institute gun control by executive action well i was going to say that you just blew your chances but then i remembered that's how you got started in politics
0 redneck word of the day : inhale " why inhale did i go to walmart today "?
0 a few minutes after eating taco bell
1 in norway we rape after dinner
0 the best revenge is leaving somebody completely tf alone
0 manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
0 boobs when you're home alone and lonely
0 when a spider runs across the carpet fucking smash it
1 we should learn from ocean how to treat refugees
1 look out, here comes the master race
1 but i'm israeli god promised me the car!
0 i swear some people were conceived through anal sex, because there's no way being that much of an asshole is natural
0 i pull up in this and yell "come on we got some redneck sh*t to do" are you getting in?
0 remember when illegal aliens just wanted to just go home? now they want free food, healthcare, and housing
1 bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
1 lgbt virus [gay zombie noises]
0 half of trump supporters are deplorable! half of your supporters are deportable
0 we have peace but we can give wars
0 kim jong un had more during their debate american flags on display than the leftists did
0 three k's a day keeps you fat haha
0 can you send a few dozen more officers please about his rights he's talking
1 rev al sharpton that gorilla was 17 black and unarmed
1 before you go around launching lawsuits let me remind you of the surveillance photos we have of you, remember that a tranny crack whore doing lines off your dick
1 i love the smell of a dirty tranny... relax adam...let joe smell your schiff!!
1 therapy dogs are now being trained to console rape victims of muslims
0 when you're talented but also a self-righteous shit head
0 dad?!? the dishwasher and the sandwichmaker are on the fritz again
0 blasts meme and parody pages shares posts from the babylon bee
1 jolo jew only live once
0 hello is it me you're looking for?
0 men need walmarts sure they are dirty but, when you're inside one at 4am you think "i'm glad these are here"
0 shame on you fork tongued devils
1 when your moms plastic and you're a spastic tragedy!!
0 well judge, made me do it all remember it was me who first said was kenyan
0 number of pictures from when michelle obama was pregnant with sasha and malia zero
0 god loves all his children, all of them
0 look at me i'm the european now
0 that's a little racist
0 remember 9/11
0 when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
0 come here you big cup of beautiful coffee and lie to me about how much we are going to get done today
0 monkeys often pick bugs off each other to snack on
0 this cat is getting raped tonight
0 the cat slipped and fell into the toilet i was pushed!!
1 official muslim refugee checkpoint
0 this is my ex looking for someone better than me
1 did you know? women have small feet so they can stand closer to the sink
1 when a porkistani nibba needs sex let me handle it
1 islamomopolitan special feature: know your place, how to survive your women: daily beating why men treat you like cattle
0 embrace the freedom of speech
1 somehwere in afghanistan a new book isbeing written 50 shades of sheep
0 walking into a smokers house like
0 when trump says "i'll pay americans just for agreeignt to have a wall built"
0 my kid, when i say, "stop, you're gonna get hurt!" 10 seconds later..
1 and nothing of value was lost that day
0 classic anne frank photo
1 barbed wire fence hall of cost victims let me eat let me eat
1 he said he a lil' bad ass so i hate this tendies in front of him
0 i got a flat on my way to the store
1 please in the name of the lord let us all pray for jackson's safety. most black gay men in america will get hiv says cdc
1 when your girl is bulimic, but you like gagging sounds, so you call her "fatty" while you beat your meat in the shower
1 do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
0 michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
0 -your pug is cute as hell -that's my son
0 then i grabbed the booty like, yahhhhhh
1 you know you're white trash hoes that talk too much shit stop acting like an innocent victim
0 i don't think he understands the gravity of his situation
1 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
0 kevin durant is 12-8 without stephen curry stephen curry is 20-0 without kevin durant no curry, no chip
1 ever tried african food? niether have they
0 when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
0 open's inbox "let me suck your dick" opens profile: it's your crazy ex gf
0 back off f'ing white male we are on a sex strike
0 when the booze kicks in and you start putting out the vibes
0 when the weed hits you hard
1 happy national women's day just remember, if it has an apple, it has a banana
0 i'm a simple man i like beer and boobs
1 remember behind every one of us is a police
0 i heard we had a rat problem in the barn. time to clean house
1 about to explode with pride now that his daughter can go to school
0 barack obama is not america's first black president but america's first mixed race president
0 oh god oh fuck please end my suffering
0 i'm not transphobic i just don't like 'em
0 dishwasher is broken? then wash it by hand
1 inbreeding it's dangerous and wrong i stand here as living proof
0 i was going to paint my bathroom door but my girlfriend was dead against it
0 bend over, touch your toes i'll show you where the monster goes
0 no i'm on my period no i have diarrea
1 would you look at that this dryer comes with a free dishwasher
0 when the fbi raids your house and catches you nutting to 24 petabytes of child porn wonderful weather we're having
0 how you see it how the turkey sees it
0 there was a 4 car pile-up in mexico today 93 people died
0 felt cute, might go sit down to pee idk
0 at first i couldn't shoot then i thought "shit... that's how i'd want to go!
0 when i say i gotta go to the bathroom
0 people always working
0 this piggy just wants to say have a wonderful day!
1 this look your wife gives you when you come home from a long day of suicide bombing
1 stand your ground law. i said "nibber get" .
0 there are 350,000 churches in america so why are there 200,000 people sleeping on the streets
0 oi are you looking at me?
0 what is that wonderful smell? it smells like.... caramel! oh, today we burnt the diabetics
0 black parent white parent
1 how dark is your humor? me:
1 ancestry.com the results are in
0 "culebra u.s. territory" u.s.miltary bomb explosions march 2019
1 this steak is so black it stole my television
1 why do you hate us? all we want to do ia move to your country , condemn your lifestyle, harass your women, destroy your freedom of speech and march through your streets calling for people to be beheaded
0 waiting for your girl oustide her house
1 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
0 i want it now is a good time
0 the bald eagle represents the strength and freedom of america
1 best holiday gift for muslims
0 "people are not mannequins don't be silent about domestic abuse
1 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
0 i'm not talking to myself i'm thinking out loooooooud!!
1 when you finally graduate in a school in the usa
1 when you and your homie load each other's dishwashers
1 how many nails are there in a lesbian's coffin? none. it's all tongue and groove
0 the world calls it: love. god calls it: abomination
0 before i get drunk, lose my phone, get naked and arrested i want to wish you assholes a happy new year
1 spanish word of the day "texas" my fren always texas me when i'm not home wondering where i'm at!
1 they are not escaping to find a better life they are invading us to destroy ours
0 stay in step you loser
1 blackpeoplemeet.com
0 how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them!
1 keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
0 matte black gloss black
0 when you forget to wash your hands
0 when you convert your dishwasher into a weed eater
0 goes on a date gets stood up
1 when muslims have been slaughtering millions of innocent people across hundreds of countries and finally someone gives them a taste of their own medicine
0 a rare picture of the beautiful jewish girl, anne frank
0 your sense of humor is so dark, people are worried about you
1 superman's flying class was popular, but no one ever passed
0 a short history of u.s. presidents
1 racing for pink slips in africa
1 your milkshake brings all the tards to the yard
0 you never know how crazy they truly are until after you give them some good dick
0 when you are back home from cheating
0 the best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome what have you the right person is still gonna think the sun shines out of your ass
1 virgo you're both white trash quite frankly
0 smile for the photo !
0 yo dawg i heard you like overthinking so you can overthink while you overthink so i made you overthink about overthinking
0 gas yourself
1 america : * nukes japan* three days later: ahhhh gettin kinda bored
0 only a few understand what it's like to be 19 and write your own will
1 muhammed fixing his calculator
1 those fucking russians
0 their average iq is about 70-80, few points above being retarded
1 i just wanna show you something comment what you think he's gonna show this goat fucker??
1 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
0 there must be some way this victimizes me
0 "life is like a box of chocolates." it sucks if you have diabetes
1 the world calls it: love. god calls it: abomination
0 we can never undo the horrible acts he has commited
0 hitler wanted this embarrassing photo of him destroyed
0 i'll take shit that ain't ever gonna happen for $500
0 time for my 100th selfie of the day
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
0 for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
0 walked to the mailbox and back practically a bataan death march survivor
0 you know you ain't got no class muthafucka
0 for what turn down
0 happy age advancement day i suppose congratulations are in order?
1 black people anything thoat doesn't belong to them
1 immigrant problem problem fixed
0 baked potatoes for everyone
0 families saying goodbye to their loved ones from the other side of the mexican border
0 why don't i hear the people who asked for my birth certificate asking for trump's tax returns?
0 i'm not racist, racism is a crime and crime is for them
0 are you taking a picture or video?
0 you know you're getting older when you walk by 3 priests and don't even get a handshake
1 this dude wants to use the same restroom as your daughter liberals call you a bigot if you object
0 you with the goat stop that!
0 when you're the only ape at the furry convention
0 navy, accelerate your life
0 me giving nicknames to men who have wasted my time: we will call you, "almost."
0 having a romantice night in can help keep the relationship alive
1 why don't n**gers celebrate thanksgiving? kfc is closed on holidays!
1 plays uno that's racist! steals all the green cards
0 when she say she done with you & you ask her if she hungry & she say no issa wrap. game over
0 even babies love nikes
0 cop: this dog tells me you're on drugs. citizen: i'm on drugs? you you'r re the one talking to a dog!
0 stevie wonder is "wonder"ful
1 you boys ever played hot potato
1 new zealand: dozens dead in mass shooting usa: -first time?
0 who listens to ariana grande's music!
1 why do jewish men like to watch porn movies backwards? they like the part where the hooker gives the money back
1 if being racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & goatshit ruled by a barbric cult then i'm a racist
0 if the government says, "you don't need a gun" you need a gun!
1 breastfeed a 42 year old expelled from kfc for breastfeeding her 42-year-old son shit white people do
1 you don't hate women and minorities? bro that's pretty cringe
0 when was the last time you saw so many passionate people on the street?
0 up early to get a head start on exposing the fuckery
1 a recent survey reported that 3/4 of men don't know how to turn on the dishwasher  i find that licking her nipples and a light fingering usually does the trick!
0 i bet they make squeaky toy sounds when they fuck
0 rep. omar, somali refugee, claims life in usa is an "everyday assault" is she right or out of her mind
0 the dna test results say... you're a cunt
0 when you find a shooter the same day you plan a bombing, so you team up
1 when your dive instructor starts yelling in aribic
0 white people be like "hunting is a sport"
0 and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother! and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!!
0 a group of dogs
0 metalhead doing laundry..
0 chillin with my chromies
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 happy birthday the mexicans will pay for your birthday cake
0 they arent bad if you raise them properly same goes for pitbulls
0 there is no hindu terrorism in india. what if i say it isn't true? then i respect your opinion
0 hey there
0 you know it's going to be a serious blow job when he puts his hair up in a manbun
0 serving food at the local farm cafe
0 if you're proud to be white then this is the radio station for you
0 when i grow up... lol nevermind
1 lesbian trans woman? ain't that just a regualr guy?
0 doctor: take this medicine after food african kid:
0 don't be limited by your circumstances you can achieve anything!
0 free dishwasher missing parts
0 who says we have to be a specific color in order to do something we like
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 i'm not saying i hate you all i'm saying is if you got hit by a bus, i'd be driving that bus
0 everyone is welcomed to this country
1 blowjobs buy one get one free
0 at least hitler could use an oven
0 six months ago i couldn't spell kongris now lare one!!!
0 met gala celebration
1 the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you radical muslim
0 pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
1 when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
1 america in 2045 "grandpa...why didn't you stop them?!"
0 remember behind every one of us is a policeman
0 when your sheep wins first place at the fair
0 this man should motivate everybody
1 iraqi women are so ugly they have to wear a sheet so dudes can imangine they're fucking a goat
1 i never dated my cuz'n i fucked him but we never dated
0 yall got any more of them episodes
1 sea monkeys
0 go on, jump in only will kill a few its ok, let them in only will kill a few
1 shame on you fork tongued devils
0 anne frank passed away february 1945
0 open your heart for those in need
1 money money money!!!
0 sandwiches we can do it !
0 1 for english and 2 for spanish? what do i press to speak to a gorilla
0 big bird's species were mostly scavengers. but like the turkey vulture, they would attack weakened prey
0 halal... is it meat you're looking for?
0 it doesn't matter if you unlike my picture i already got the notification
1 when the squad is about to get lit..
0 the enemy within linda sarsour ocasio-cortez ilhan omar rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
0 there's no better time to combine out efftorts than now! blacks whites team - together everyone achieves more
1 the best part about fucking a chemo patient... you don't have to pull out. even if she survives, the baby won't
0 an all female muslim rock band
0 you get 10 times more chicks than me? 10 times o is o
0 feminist: we're equally upset about this line me *agreeing intensifies*
1 when you call that one dike bro by accident
0 i am full! that pho was good !
0 why are you so dumb
0 about these "russians", do you see them often? are they in the room with us now?
1 follow my allah or he kill you moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim
0 i don't want to get attached to anyone anymore... it only destroys me in the end
0 here's all 3 shooters... the garlic festival, el paso and dayton ...eerily similar in looks. are you awake yet?
0 let's have some fun
0 influence the election? you mean like encouraging illegal immigants to vote?
1 are all terrorists muslim? no, some are democrats
0 a rare image of atomic bomb testing
0 hmmm, that new wife smell
0 how many breaths do i have to take before i'm safe from democrats?
1 im really sorry that your not feeling well today but im still gonna need a sandwich
1 got crap for brains??? make sure you wear your diaper
0 he said he was a biker but then he pulled up on a can-am spyder wearing a sons of anarchy hoodie
1 i am hungry let's eat a dog
0 we can not security check syrian migrants properly, but we can trust them. we want to take firearms from the safest demographics in canada, as we can not trust them
0 i just realized my life turned out better than yours checkmate, bitch
0 when you don't have to see your ex future mother-in-law anymore
0 after group sex mohammed is very tired
0 best thing about her blowjob?... you know shes gonna swallow!!!
0 how i see a gorilla when hes 100 years old
0 we've been at peace with japan since 1945 time to make peace with islam
0 lash christmas, i gave you my heart... but the very necks day. you gave it away!
1 what's worse than a female driver?
0 goin fishin
1 i'd hit this shit harder than her brother hit the world trade center
1 now y'alls be quiet while massa making things great again
0 how unarmed black men look to cops
0 "dad what is "losing"? i don't know son, i'm a trump supporter
0 i don't have ex's. i have y's. like, "y the hell did i date you?!?"
1 porki comment army in action against india
1 dirty immigrant scum
0 baby look like he pay his own child support
0 you used so much thyme the doctor showed up to fix the paradoxes you created
1 removes polish with chemicals no one bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyone loses their shit
0 u gotta be prepared for disloyal sh*t no matter how loyal u are to a person
0 to the douchebag that disliked each one of my memes because of political affiliation... i'll have you know that you are either narrow-minded ignorant biased or all of the above
0 all she wanted to hear was "i love you" all he wanted to hear was his balls slapping against her ass!
0 driving tests, licenses, registration, insurance... they just want to confiscate our cars!
1 1 bomb every minute
1 when your little car bomber brings home his first girlfriend
1 laughs in throwing gays from tall buildings!
0 he is proving you don't have to be poor to be trash
0 bomb disarmament is a hell of a job. thank you for service
0 you say trump will be impeached for what? making liberals cry?
0 trail mix? you mean m&ms with obstacles
1 overly attached muslim girlfriend i killed your other 4 wives so you have more time to beat me
1 there is widespread disagreement among islamic scholars about whether homosexuals should be burned or thrown off buildings
0 being a preadtor is not love this is love
0 "i'll have to resign" and then i said do i look like i give a fuck?!
0 white trash not marriage material
0 just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
0 that looks like a lot of fun
0 #unapologetically afrikan harvey weinstein settles for $44 million but cosby was given no such option
0 stop being a little bitch
0 cartoon image of a soldier from wwii
1 racing for pink slips in africa
1 the only people who truly love each other based on personality are asians because they all look the same
0 kids playing in the backyard
0 when your friends find your mugshot online
0 hello there
1 the standard hood team a clown, a thief, a dyke, and a fat ugly funny fucker
0 "if you see anybody from trump's cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store, at a gasoline station... you create a crowd and push back and tell them they're not welcome anywhere" maxine waters june 24, 2018
0 loses hair from chemo doesn't have to shave pussy
0 dear teenagers i found your next "internet challenge"
0 lies that people tell to themselves they think they are normal he thinks he's a human being they think they deserve equal rights
0 post your most offensive memes winner gets a 30 day vacation who dares win?
1 radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! moderate muslim follow my allah or he kill you
0 enemies. was i right?! surrounded by perverts and now, you are bankrupt, after wwii, i said 'we defeated the wrong enemy.'
0 a good asian driver
1 i have a question for the white man, i would like to travel, so i can suggest know if he likes sex and he go fuck himself
0 when you finger an arab girl
0 i'll wait until mom and dad are on a date... and then crap on everything they hold dear
0 fuckyeah! halfday!
0 look at all these shooting targets
0 i hope father jeffrey doesnt go in dry today
0 life is like belgium some times you just have to march through it
0 that's a liberal all they do is cry
0 i'm not saying you are a slut but you are easier than poland
1 what's worse than a female driver?
0 when your history teacher starts talking about the holocaust
1 only israelis can knocks the teeth out of a 6 yr old girl
0 copsuckers be like the whole boot daddy
1 pull up your pants and back away from the goat!!
0 your an idiot trump thanks for the wall i'm need target practice
0 rich theft '' ''
0 this man was accused of raping his 16 y old daughters friend and all he had to do was deny the accusations thenthe girl committed suicide because they said she was lying, the democrats protected this pos
0 when you and ya partner think there's no donuts left but there's two
0 when your ex ask you for help
0 how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
1 and then i said, mr. president there's no walmart's in north korea only targets
0 im not racist, but racist memes are still allowed
0 images of german leaders and soldiers of ww2
0 when someone is trying to convince you that a fetus is a living baby but you really don't have a problem with killing a living baby either
0 jfk jr was declared the front runner for the ny senate seat in 1999 days later his plane crashed, making hillary clinton the newly elected senator
1 the "i'm not black but my kids will be" face
0 how much did the holo cost
0 an amazingly realistic wax figure of anne frank
0 dudes treating their jordans like
0 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
1 look at the bright side you are only half black now
0 when someone questions your behavior from yesterday that wasn't me. that was patricia
0 when everything is going wrong but you're positive
0 stop domestic abuse
0 searching for buried treasure
0 saddle up motherfuckers it's time to draw
0 did you buy your stupidity or you got it for free
0 singlehandedly putting an end to dumb blonde jokes
0 "when i'm directing traffic at an accident scene and a citizen asks me "what happened?' "shark attack."
0 hitler comedy called mein fuhrer
0 aaaaaaaaaaaaaah my dick is stuck in the drawer
0 black people are trying to wake up
0 goat fucker's only .com
0 that precious moment when daddy finally turns up to a dance recital
1 so like, why are men even gay? girls have buttholes too you know..
0 and i shit you not, this fucking eagle just comes out of nowhere..
0 who is it and what do they do
1 ah the young they blow up so quickly
1 i believe racism is just like black people it shouldn't exist
1 don't let this group get you downs
0 when you feel confident in yourself no matter the circumstances
0 handjobs sold seperately
0 shhhhhhh don't make this weird
0 when you're the gay friend and also the meme lord
0 squad goals
0 trump screamed at nbc for using this pic of him he hates it. don't spread it around the internet anymore
0 when you lose your jewelry
0 we now have reason to believe trump ripped the tag off his matress in 1987
1 when you're feeling horny asf but your habibi is on periods let's try a ____ goat
1 if slavery had cellphones on the plantation like fuck massah
0 democrats have found another potential candidate for 2020!
0 protesting death to the middle east
0 this is dr kings famous i have a dream speech
0 don't be rude, folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
0 how we see muslims how muslims see us
1 hide and go seek champion july 6 1942 - august 4 1944
1 when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
1 hijab babrie comes with stones, shovel and removable head
1 i'm really sorry you're not feeling well today... but i'm still gonna need a sandwich
0 10 years challenge 2019 2009
1 black people when they get pushed too far white people when they get pushed too far
1 ever read something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
0 moses and the 10 commandments
0 my husband is always pushing me around... and talking behind my back
0 i hate snow it's white and on my land
1 when you take your dishwasher to the restaurant, but it starts talking
0 when the weekend hits vs. monday morning
0 we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our government?
0 i reckon imma start some shit today mmmm hmmmmmm
0 when your uber driver arrives but you're probably safer driving drunk
1 i'm uncertain where i stand on abortion. i like killing babies, but hate the idea of giving women a choice
0 i can still smell the ford you drive
0 drinking wine is bad drinking camel piss is good
1 the only answer the only solution
0 don't like me? i don't i care, it's still a beautiful day in my neighborhood
0 trump is starting wwiii turn in your guns go snort a rubber you maggot
0 i don't always speak my mind, but when i do, i sound like a damn idiot
0 when you realize you're pregnant because you pull out your tampon but all the cotton was mysteriously picked off
1 wing wing wing herro? thats racist!
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 big and beautiful
1 call me "sir" one more time and i'll show you a sir! macho ma'am tranny savage
1 with black power comes no responsibility
1 gay people: sex is so care-free. we cant get pregnant! aids:
1 what's shibe's favorite thing to eat? n_ggers a: nuggers
1 whatever this is.. it's an auburn fan
0 when you're muslim but you have oil
0 yeah, just over that hill on the other side of my property line that's where you can go fuck yourself
0 she asked me to make her feel special so i gave her a helmet and crayons
1 that moment you use your white privileges
1 look muddafucka even i know that's fucking retarded
0 i'm not saying that your mom is a slut but when you were born she slid you back in and out a few times
0 not every man is going to waste your time... some are tired of the games, and want nothing but loyalty too
1 stop making fun of our peaceful religion or we'll kill you
0 always dtsy positive
1 my dad is the best at hide and seek he's been gone for 15 years
0 we were known as hebrew israelites until slavery
0 bro you still care about ace discourse? bro kinda cringe ngl
1 i want you to wake the fuck up americans! the fucking jews have hijacked your country!
1 until you give the white man back his god, everything i post is going to offend you
0 let me play with the muslims
0 we are all apart of god's plan. christ will come to us
0 glad she put the paper up someone might recognise her
0 when you feel mentally unwell seek help
0 i agree hi 5 bro
0 this man took millions of lives
1 what is the most offensive joke you have ever written? if only africa had more mosquito nets, less mosquitos would have to die needlessly of aids
0 open up for the enrichment
1 flowers for martin luther king day
0 i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
1 you have adhd? well, i know a place i can send you where you'll learn to concentrate
1 how many likes for this hero
0 remember when a lost alien just wanted to just go home? what was that movie called?
0 this is why we shoot you people
0 patience good things come to those who wait
0 when your mom has to take a picture everywhere
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 diversity is our greatest strength
1 i said glass of juice not gas the jews
0 official muslim refugee checkpoint
1 "that's the way, allah, allah i like it" put'n the "ham" in mohamed
0 that's black people for ya what did you expect
0 i've been here once they stole my stuff and claimed god gave it to them
0 london police speak with suspect
0 give me a dog treat human
0 human testosterone injections? why would you think that?
0 this is how muslims celebrate new year
1 the whiteman is the devil
0 that one person in their feelings in the comments
1 they probably arguing over some little shit
1 i saw a little jewish boy playing with an ash tray while walking down the road today i asked him if he was looking for his grandparents did jew nazi that this israeli funny?
1 when your in alabama and your 4 year old sister says she wants a boyfriend
0 a picture to remember our fun night out
1 if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight it will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
0 i grew up in a household where talking back got your ass whooped
0 so you're against immigration? splendid! when do you leave?
1 me: hey maybe we should accept people regardless of their sexual preferences? islamic countries: (muslim noises)
0 omg the middle east has ninjas too!!
0 once you are in my pack i will always have your back
0 where is the criminal?
1 when instincts take over
0 stupid neighbours woke me up
0 riots in the streets
1 covers his wife from head to toes because sexual thoughts are satanic blows himself up because someone promised him72 virgins to f*ck with
1 when you don't know who to call the police or the rspca
1 muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch
0 "this is not going to be the country of white people" - ilhan omar
0 never forget 9/11
1 after 3 million years of evolution we have only lost the hair!
1 muslims and jews to the fuck off department muslims and jews to the fuck off department
0 the best way to get on your feet is to get off your ass
0 mandatory work without exemptions. i do nazi see the problem..
0 why doesn't aldi's have their own brand of nuts called aldi's nuts?
1 this would be racist if black people could read
0 must be time for more liberal bullshit
0 who the fuck is that person?
0 who did this
0 winter weather got your skin dry? i've got some lotion in the back
1 thankfully youtube blocked those videos or she might have popped even more people in their office
0 homosexual
0 official white house holiday ornaments
0 open carry when you're too much of a coward to enlist, yet you want to intimidate.people by playing army
1 white trash an individual who may or may not be poor but is monumentally ignorant and stupid
0 dear lord, thank you for making sure noah put turkey, white tail deer, elk and everything else we hunt on the ark! amen
0 african girl suffering from a face deformity
1 when your fifth wife comes home from the mosque showing a lot of ankle so you take her to the bedroom but her pussy smells like the neighbors goat
1 obama voters
0 you need to be on top of news
1 obama sucks. liberals are dumb. conservitives are great. jesus is lord. pro life. get rid of illegals. build a wall. bomb isis. obamacare is the devils work
1 these were the faulty wires that caused the fire at notre dame cathedral
0 a tragedy
1 when blacks started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards... those sneaky white people
0 two girls sitting in a cart east london 1970
0 life hack: your dishwasher can also wash your car
0 how police officers take out their trash
0 this is my step ladder i never knew my real ladder
0 "what's the difference between the 2? the first one can't sing when you put chains on it"
1 hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number i'll gas your baby
1 esther, you so ugly, i'm gonna take yo face and stamp out sum gorilla cookies
0 a little hood. a little hippie.
1 how do chinese people name their babies? they throw them down the stairs and see what noise they make
1 i wonder is he's thinking about me siri, find me interracial tranny amputee midget fisting porn.
1 when you know how to say n****r in five different languages i'm kinda a gamer
1 wanted : '' fled from the kitchen ''
0 under section 44 of the australian constitution any person having allegiance to a foreign power is not entitled to a seat in our government. the un is foreign power
1 when your days are numbered but you can't count
1 damn son where'd you find this its ok baby im vice lord you do know know im a tranny right
0 woman painted herself for art project
0 woman takes adorable pregnancy announcment photos in a pasture with her horses
0 this 49er left the nfl to fight for his country please "like" and "share" to support glen coffee!
1 the only time you'll see a muslim hugging a pig
0 all people should be protected by those in blue
0 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 democrats, the test results are back and donald trump is your daddy
0 polished aluminum f150 proof that you really can polish a turd
0 women ask for equal rights, and this is why
0 that's one way to get suspended from school
1 when it is namaz time but you see a goat in the middle of the way..
0 who's down for a 3.5 way
0 if being a racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & and goatshit ruled by a barbaric cult then i'm a racist
0 how black people fight here how black people fight there
0 i'm not saying you are a slut but you are easier than poland
1 me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave everyone at the senior center :
1 when you're fuhrking her from the back and she says "i'll pay the gas bill daddy."
1 you are the funny one maybe i'll kill you last
0 in space, reverse cowgirl and doggy style are the same position
0 a talking ape
0 when you catch your teenage goat having sex for the first time
1 i want my 72 virgins to be 66 goats, 5 boys and 1 bi-curious donkey
0 white people is this a shooting range?
0 never had one before. what? a room to yourself? a white bitch
1 you're black. sorry no cure
1 joe: you were a mistake curious george obama: you'll be a bigger one creepy joe
0 we about to get spicy and lit up in here
0 had to get wisdom teeth removed i guess you shouldn't have been such a smart mouth
1 muslims believe that if they get killed by a woman, they go straight to hell well ladies, it's time to lock and load
1 imagine if you will a group of people so disgusting... ...they have to make laws making it illegal to hate them
0 yo mama's so dumb... she lost a rigged election!
0 best holiday gift for animal lovers
0 all animals are our friends!
0 when your dad passes the family school shooting gun down to you
0 he might only be here for part of your life but for him, you are his whole life
1 that's it, back to the kitchen! where's my sammich? women's day is over!
0 life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
0 baboons on their way home
0 i don't have time to be racist when i have my american muscle with four working tires
1 when you're trying to take family portraits but white trash is life, that little girl on the right could teach you everything you need to know about life
0 lesbians when they spot a hot straight girl... "call me tina cos i'm gonna turner"
0 every time a person is offended on social media a vote is cast for trump
1 when you are hanging out with your black friends and they finally give you a cool nickname cracker
0 2015 ford promotion free aaa membership
0 justin trudeau the imam of canada
1 my new wife is like my car 12 years old and stolen from europe
0 i keep asking what lgbtq stands for. so many letters to remember
0 i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
0 "go into china town, you don't see negro stores. go into jew town, you don't see negro stores. but come up here in black town and every kind of store is here but yours." malcolm x
0 i suppose a sandwich is out of the question
1 if this is what they call pride.. then i don't wanna see what they call shame
0 when your kid actually is transgender
1 when the serb kid starts talking mad shit
0 when all those shrugs from not knowing what to eat are starting to pay off
1 what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults? a sandy hook
0 when you want to enter islam when you want to leave islam
0 is this motherfucker serious? where the fuck am i supposed to find "a truckload of bitches? "
1 muslim at the entrance: "hello brother!" brenton tarrant:
0 the plate is so hot al gore is using it as evidence of global warming
1 is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
0 who's a birthday girl? you're a birthday girl
0 i'm beautiful!
0 i'm not sick, i'm twisted sick makes it sound like there's a cure
1 ancient problems require jewish solutions needs to steal a bracelet becomes shlomo ben-yisrael
0 is your name winter? because you'll be coming soon
1 if you're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper flotation devices
0 goat yoga is my favorite sport
1 this faceapp stuff is incredible!
0 when people get added... when people real ize what kind of group this really is..
1 remember when illegal aliens just wanted to just go home? now they want free food, healthcare, and housing
0 yo dude, who passed the aux cord?
0 when you realize you left the stove on at home
0 then he said i couldn't come to the barbecue because i always burn the franks
0 japan soars to its highest temperature ever recorded: 106 degrees that's where you're wrong kiddo
0 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
0 does anyone know if he had a donor card? i need parts for my go-cart
0 you knew that was the wrong hole you're goddamn right i did!
0 you knew i was a snake when you let me in
1 captain america when he arrives back in the forties i'm gonna say the n word!
1 michelle obama without makeup
0 straight outta oven
0 i'm not a smart man but at least i didn't vote for trump
1 this transgendershit is getting outta hand
0 is there anything more beautiful than the islamic call to prayer?
1 a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in! 18 years after 9/11 and this is where we are at?
1 gaming in north korea if you die in game, you die in real life
1 how many mexicans does it take to build a... oh wow, they're done
0 most of our clothes come from this
1 friends house and he when you at your white starts stabbing his parents only the dead can know peace from this evil
1 when your dishwasher  is done for good
0 what you americans guna do when they build a wall to keep yall out
0 temptations
1 my priceless child porn collection you stupid goyim owe me 6 million sheckles
0 jesus doesn't care how many bible verses you have memorized he cares about how you treat people
1 i hate 3 things: racism. sexism. and white men
0 i don't need to use my hands to kick your ass
0 burning things that don't mean anything to you
0 i will lie. i will sleep with anyone. i will attack sexual perverts like joe biden in my own party to get ahead! i will let illegals murder americans. i will let newborns be i want to be your comfortable and executed president!
0 dont fuck with me... my husband is married to vladimir putin
1 the face i make when the media calls bruce jenner catlyn jenner
1 there's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start!
1 when you're hiding from a shooter in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying american students: first time ?
0 american class american trash
0 can you please tag laura and let her know she has left her bra
0 my brother, the more girlfriends you have the more money you lose, the more you don't progress in life find one girlfriend invest in her and build your future together
0 where did you learn to do it so good? me when i was 2
1 how black people became christians
0 large big mac no onions
0 then he said i couldn't come to the barbecue because i always burn the hamburgers
1 you just ran past full retard and went straight to potato
0 drink bleach.. then you can be white on the inside and out!
0 and just like that, people forgot about area 51 started wanting to look like 80 year olds
0 if you have a beard but can't change a tire shave
1 if black people aren't lazy then why doesn't kfc have a breakfast menu
0 when you start to choke but your uncle knows the heimlich maneuver
0 obama's fbi did not break "rules" or "policies." they broke laws. they did not make "mistakes." they committed crimes
0 just trying to do my part
1 a monkey wearing makeup and a dress does not make it a woman and a man wearing makeup and a dress is also not a woman
0 if you're constantly referring to your skin color or other people's skin color... maybe you're the racist
0 liberals before the election trump and his supporters must accept the results of the election liberals after the election i do not accept the results of the election
0 is my smile creeping you out? you need to tell me if my smile is creeping you out
1 this is what happens when white people lose white privilege
0 your birthday it is old, you have become
0 sign says "take a quarter" takes two
1 when you ask them if they're having a seizure but they just spasm on the ground instead of answering you all right, then. keep your secrets
0 i don't know how to deal with criminals, i guess i'll take a shot at them
0 when you have an 80 point iq but it's the highest in your village
0 if being racist means that i don't want people of color in my country then i am not a racist
0 whenever your owner walks to fast !
1 like a hot ls swapped rx-7 girl with a penis
0 when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
0 trump donated his salary to alcoholism research i see it as a personal attack
0 when someone asks why im such a cunt just am
0 is it a boy or a girl?
0 gotta be careful who you fuck with. people will learn you, just to hurt you
1 question. how do blind people know when to stop wiping their asses?
1 and if anything happens, the women are to blame that's right, it's their fault, definitely
0 when it's the 1600s and you just got here from africa master looks after us now
0 man caught having sex with a feminist at the beach
0 nascar presents the wal-mart 500
0 all was well in new york until the fire nation attacked
1 when you start fingering yourself but your sister cums instead
1 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
1 im not a gay sjw like other femboys im racist and a gamer, daddy uwu
1 sea monkeys
0 when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday (sad racist noises)
0 it's ma'am!! i can't give you a ma'am, but i can give you a green eggs and haaaaaammmmmmm!
1 cheap shoes for sale.. pick up.... christchurch mosque
0 i don't play
1 in 2011 trump said "all americans are idiots" in 2016 they proved it
0 i've been here once. beautiful land and people
0 for my haters kill yo self bitch!
1 this is what happens when you're gay in a muslim country
1 it's simple really white people are stupid they do dumb shit like this all the time
0 how we see dogs what dogs want to eat when dogs are in heat
0 when immigrants wave our flag they are not invaders
1 when she yells the safe word "avocados" but you don't stop cause what can she do about it
0 siri take me home starting route to jail
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 the rosenbergs were executed 1953 for selling nuclear secrets to russia the clintons actually sold nuclear material for development of weaponsto russia
0 even i can see you're a cunt
0 it's your birthday i'm controlling my excitement
0 little white person please leave before my ancestors tell me to kick off this mountain
1 beer -vs- woman at least the beer can't change its mind after you get its top off
0 2017 the year of the triggered left
0 hey, dnc! it's not the people's job to rally around the candidate you choose... ...it's your job to choose the candidate that the people rally around!
1 death to the jews!!! death to the christians!!! death to the hindus oh, and by the way, islam is a religion of peace. please stop persecuting us and try to be more tolerant
1 i'm a gnigger and you've been robbed
0 happy birthday believe me, i am the best and greatest at wishing you a happy birthday
0 if it fits it ships
1 radical muslims are snakes moderate muslims are the grass they hide in
0 how cops celebrate weed busts
1 if you don't believe in god you're going to suffer and burn for all eternity in hell  child abuse it isn't necessarily physical
0 i built this myself with my own hands
1 you can see black lives matter
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 oh man my parents are going to kill me
0 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
0 don't do drugs boys and girls
0 kids and guns don't mix
0 like if you had one of these only the 1840's kids will remember
0 this is what whoring pray yourself out to a bitches. religion you've never followed looks like
1 ''dont cry because it's over smile because it happened'' -dr. seuss
0 when you pick her up for a date and she got hairbands on her wrist
0 ice perfectly shaped to heal that butthurt
1 muslim coming omg he looks horny
1 it's mam  is it though?
0 i am a goat i eat everything, even your dreams
0 i see a cat let's get it for lunch
0 where you can get with that bull shit what is "fuck outta here correct
0 dear diary: i miss fucking!
1 celebrating the ebt card. oh snap
0 me sitting at work thinking about what i'm going to eat for lunch
0 when someone thinks they've seen all your crazy but you hit them with some next level shit, like "surprise bitch!"
0 when col sanders opens a kfc in wakanda
0 "come here, i need's to smack the stupid out of you"
1 a new target for entry level police academy ''
1 this would be racist if black people could read
1 christians don't believe they evolved i agree
0 islam is a religion of peace if you don't agree then you're ignorant
1 this isn't even my final form
1 corn shit lemon piss
1 omg the middle east has ninjas too!!
0 when you've finished with your life of crime
1 did a lot of medical research didn't hurt any animals
1 when the ss officer is searching the house for jews and he hears shuffling under the floorboards this is where the fun begins what does ss stand for? serious...nazis
0 muslims contributing to the very fabric of our nation
1 i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him: me too!
0 that feeling you get when a goat's hair tickles your balls
0 when i grow up i'm going to blow up
0 i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of new york imagine what i'll do for the rest of the country hold my beer
1 america obama trump
1 do you still suck dick? faggot
0 yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
0 when goats try to pull a car heist
0 cooooooooooooon!!!!
1 converted to muslim ? why would you think that?
0 never get too attached cause people wake up with difffrent feelings everyday
0 station just got it's newest fire retardant
0 don't be a pooper
0 not all men just want sex some just want to walk and talk about how ridiculous our firearm laws are
0 r*e*s*p*i*c*t wish i had a dictionary
1 has extra chromosome probably stole it
1 president trump is saying he will close the border. just do it! americans first! illegals are like sperm. thousands get in.. only one works!
0 it's hump day!!! oh fuck!!!
0 when a cop gets his first gun
0 we live in a society where they lecture us on morals and biology
1 a serbian man
0 be careful
0 whats wrong with me? why am i so happy?
1 whats wrong with your skin? why is it like that? oh you're black? thats pretty cringe
0 trump supporters if they were any more inbred, they'd be sandwiches!
1 when the white kid you've been nice to passes you a book under the table and he wrote "you're cool. run out of the school when i give the signal"
0 are u a wizard?
0 everyone has a choice
1 ahmed? i'm pregnant!!
0 she will only marry a pubg player
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 has anyone seen gary? gary is about this tall
1 i'm not a racist my shadow is black
0 your are a solder ready to die for your country
0 i'm smoking cones and i just found buzzs shard you'd better come out and stop me!
1 ever tried african food? niether have they
0 shia men after getting erection behan kidhar hai??
1 white cop kills black man black man kills black man
1 when you try out ancestry.com and find out you're related to hitler... i will finish what you started
1 it explodes on penatration new military drone to fight isis
0 my wife threw me out after she caught me measuring my cock it just reaches the back of her sisters throat!
0 you don't like thick girls? fuck wrong with you?
0 the look you get when your in the wrong neighborhood
1 when a girl says she is lesbian so you become trans to smash modern problems require modern solutions
1 how uncivilized typical nigger
1 so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
1 mom won't let me use the oven with my jewish friends
1 i think i almost got my dishwasher working
0 patty cake patty cake butthole hand i got tourettes syndrome chicken fucked ham
0 cuddle party
1 are you bored? join spastics with special admin powers now
0 shut up you meathead
0 keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
1 white people be like it's you and me. black people be like look at these dumb ass crackas sittin in the middle of the damn road
1 border agents in texas apprehend over 400 illegals in just a 5-minute span this is an invasion! why are some republicans trying to keep our borders open??
1 muslim figure: "we must have pork-free menus or we will leave u.s." should we help her pack ?
1 when you try to catch a dark type pokemon
1 disgusting if u have ever dated a nigger and ur white kill yourself once you go black you'll be a single mom for the rest of your life disgusting
0 i want to make a lamp shade from your skin because you light up my life
0 my grand father died at auschwitz he got drunk and fell out of this guard tower
0 i'm wanty... not needy huge fucking difference
1 what dogs look like to black people what dogs look like to asians what dogs look like to white people
0 oh how cute.... a guinea pig.
0 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 i got some muhammed for you right here how you like me now?
0 who can deny the cash chambers
0 oh look, men
0 cracking open a cold one with the boys
1 has orgasm shoots tranny fluid
0 american woman holding african girls
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
1 donald trump wall cop or muslims no mexicans don't mess with his wall!
0 they fear us waking up from the bull shit, and taking back what was stolen from us
0 fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck!
1 when whit people don't get shot by the cops because of their skin color i'm sorry, is this some sort of whitejoke that i'm too black to understand?
0 my gas bill was this high
0 i finally stopped drinking for good now i drink for evil
0 people tragically jumping to their death during the 9/11 terrorist attacks
0 vegetable soup
1 it is easier to pick fights with black women than to challenge white men
1 it's the kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikes
1 when you post a dishwasher meme and trigger the feminists.
0 i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
1 i like pizza cause it doesn't scream when i put it in the oven
0 it appears you're hm.. a cracker
0 i'm voting trump the last clinton left a bad taste in my mouth
0 though they should not be here illegally, that doesnt mean they're bad people
1 i hate women so much i'm not even joking bro
0 make sure the girl sitting passenger side in your car is the same girl who'd be sitting with you at the bus stop if life turned out differently
1 fucking queers
0 let's get something straight: hero. not a hero
1 how you gotta treat girls with smart mouths
0 the flavor in this dish was nonexistent customers started a religion just to believe it was there
0 has anyone seen gary? gary is about this tall
0 what hitler would look like as a female
0 becky lemme smash
1 "we fly planes into their buildings now they kiss our asses!" "
0 smashed potatoes
0 14 million kids living in poverty in america but democrats fight for illegals
0 when you'res high as fuck and hear a loud sound the fuck was that
1 that's why we bomb you
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 when you dress up for dinner at your muslim girlfriend's  parent's house
1 why do white people smell like bologna?
0 maybe if didn't considered car racing as sport we'd be in better situation
0 my face when i find out that school is canceled
0 don't be a fool it is a bomb
1 kick islam out of america you can't walk with god holding hands with the devil
0 it's okay for you to believe what you believe it's not okay for you to demand other to believe the same way
0 if this is what they call pride.. then i don't wanna see what they call shame
0 where's the rescue ship when you need one ?
0 mohammad says that camel urine is medicine. do you really believe that crap?
0 shut the fuck up incel all are welcome here, racist cuck
0 turn for what?
1 remeber behind very great black man is the police
0 so you know a lot about politics?! please, do continue to repeat everything your parents have told you
0 burning them was a great public service
1 when muslims attack be prepared to fight back
1 chances are that god was black because he didn't even raise his son
1 you're an awesome nigger!
0 follow your dreams no matter what people say
0 sit down kids, i will now tell you how i met your mother
0 when someone tells me women must serve men
0 i don't see whats wrong with him other than he stole that wheelchair
0 happy fucking birthday now let's party
0 don't think that food is expendable, not everyone gets it
0 the perfect bag doesnt exi--
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 one little phone call and all charges are dropped
0 so, where did you get all of this gold elizabeth? i stole it!!!
1 everywhere: eats africa: "we don't do that here"
1 i was really shocked when my wife gave birth and the baby was black. is there anything that woman can't burn?
0 ugly mafuckas be like... bru, i know she want me i got dreads
1 i didn't buy a colour tv to watch naggers on it
1 muslims have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one!
0 rise and shine my fragile americans what silly nonsense are we offended by today?
0 i forgot to put it out on time now it is sitting there for whole day
0 this one time at camp we got so baked
0 you call me a goat fucker like it's a bad thing
0 digging up something is hard guess excavation isnt for everyone
0 you have adhd? well, i know a place i can send you where you'll learn to concentrate
1 i once dumped a cross eyed chick thought she was seeing someone else
0 go back to sleep your government is in control
1 black peopple started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards... those sneaky white people
0 when you tell her on the first date to be "herself" and she starts snorting xanax off the table
0 let's shake hands and forget about that colonialism stuff
1 the muslim on the front door be like: no full auto in buildings
0 the best way to get chewing gum out of your hair
0 there is always good and bad in this world
1 cop: any questions? *black kid raises hand* cop: jayshaun if you don't put your fucking hand down i'll shoot you like i did your father hands up don't shoot
0 this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
0 has orgasm shoots tranny fluid
0 damn it john. leave stevie alone
0 mornings be like
1 when a retarded kid tries touching you
0 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
0 whitesox ticket: $55 beer: $8 hot dog: $6 watching a muslim from kenya throw a 28 mph. fastball like an 8 yr old little girl: priceless
0 you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
0 pals
0 you don't have to put on the red light
0 the media trys to show only one side of the story
1 "i'm pregnant with your son, i trust that you'll be a good father" "aight babe, i'm goin for a drive"
0 and then she said i'm a blackbelt in mcmap
1 slave ship sailors when they found africa for the first time looks like these black creatures really mean business!
1 feminist literature? you mean cookbooks?
0 when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you're outta milk
1 yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas?
0 if you don't like the way i do things feel free to mind your own fucking business
0 musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress. she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture"
0 1 got 99 problems and chromosomes
0 adult peer pressure: seeing your neighbor mowing their yard
0 i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
0 when there is one coco puff left in the bowl
1 that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
1 master chef with low rating master chef with high rating
0 freckles are cute i don't care what you say
0 him:
0 my grandpas tractor never broke down
0 the only fuck i have left to give andddddd there it goes
1 the i don't listen well barbie. comes with the stove she should've been using
0 yes we know trump said he'd build a wall. presidents say a lot of things without acting on them. just to get your vote
0 literally nobody: white people sitting at the bar: can you put it on the golf channel??
1 your purchase of $19.99 comes to $21.36 after theft
1 the first thing i did when i got home from the battered womens shelter? the dishes... 'cause i know what's good for me..
0 out on duty
0 you can hide but you can't run
1 now, you're telling me you were so ingrained with white trash dna, your facial hair actually grows in on its own all white trashy like that?
0 if i identify as a dog can i poop in your yard?
0 cow girls like to take their summer photos in hay fields
0 "i don't care mom, if they deport juan i'm going with him"
1 only two things come from muslim countries pedophiles and goat fuckers! which are you mohammed?
0 where is the pinata?
1 what's that smell?
0 the power of makeup
0 my car had some trouble i need to take it to a mechanic
0 how i feel when i hear the name obama
1 when you found your wife is cheating on you
0 hiliary i'm coming after you and i'm bringing handcuffs
0 him: gonna beat dat pussy into mashed potatoes! her: im down!
0 look, i'm really sorry that i made a "pew pew" star wars lazer blaster noise when i jizzed all over your titties i suffer from immature ejaculation
0 when you're broke af but still gotta buy christmas gifts
1 well look at you i've never fingered a potato
0 a group of baboons is called a congress suddenly makes sense!
1 islamic windchimes
0 why girls wanna be mermaids: 1. no pants 2. no periods 3. perfect hair 4. you get to lure men to their deaths well that escalated quickly
1 because of trump walmart is selling american made appliances again
1 you say you're tired of the race card? well we're tired of the mental illness card mass shooters young often taken alive white by their brothers in blue male
1 all woman or all tranny?
0 about to wait in line at the dmv before school
1 when you're picking cotton as fast as your ashy hands can and then you hear your master crack his whip
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 if the words you spoke appeared on your skin.. would you still be beautiful? nigger
1 oh you drive a dodge, do you blow trannys as good as your truck
0 when you dont stir the nesquick powder in your milk enough
1 when she's trying her hardest to make you cum but you already visited your favorite goat
1 normal people , indian people
0 your hate makes us stronger
1 hitler nonchalantly killing millions of jews with no remorse
1 arnold schwarzenigger i'll be black
1 kon'nichiwa anata wa fucking nigger
1 hey muslim eat me!
0 this can get me through anything
1 well look at you i've never fingered a potato
0 don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
0 the day you graduate from catcher to pitcher
1 new seat belt design 50% less accidents
0 bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
0 you must follow my religion radical muslim you're welcome to follow my religion, if you'd like! moderate muslim
1 if you invite the snake in don't cry when it bites vote trump or don't cry later
0 we cannot allow birth control we will run out of children to molest
1 i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
0 women rights in islamic countries
0 "gee elmo... i didn't think my long beak was promoting rape culture. but if you learned about feminism on the internet you must be right!"
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
0 they have no where to live makes special camp spots just for them
0 i am hungry let's eat a dog
0 my favorite sex position is the challenger i go hard for 73 seconds then prematurley blow
0 when you go to the store for a dishwasher but you find your best friend instead
0 it's not over! until i say so!!!
1 the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
0 in 8 yrs i improved life for millions of illegal aliens every muslim terrorist group & basically everyone i could except the one country i was responsible for
1 women are like bacon they look good, smell good, taste good and slowly kill men
0 men are like dogs we're excited to see you... and have no clue what you're mad about
0 jamal! im pregnant!!!
0 paper is white and paper beats rock
1 when the oven is full so you start putting jews in the deep fryer
1 traps are just flat chested futas
1 one touch, and i can heal everything don't touch us, we're on disability
0 i told him i wanted it to be magical so he fucked me and disapearred
0 excuse me! anyone can wear a dress!
0 it took you 10 minutes to get home google maps says it takes 8. who is she?!
0 when you know you have smoked too much meth
0 average white "women" average muslim women
1 can we stop calling them "undocumented immigrants" and call them what they are criminal trespassers / illegal aliens
1 dark humor is like him '' it never gets old
1 "harder, harder" "that's a good boy"
0 just a reminder that the guy on the left believes he is genetically superior to the guy on the right
0 party tonight? i'm down
1 inmate comes out of the shower and asks for a towel auschwitz guard:
0 thinking befor '' '' robbery
1 what do you call a muscular arab? protein sheikh
1 it's time for the entire free world to unite against islam because the savages are already united against us
0 felt cute. might kill your toddler later. idk.
0 i cant wait to name you its almost been 9 months
0 remember no matter how much you whine like a little bitch trump is still your president
0 yes donald. that sounds good. i once built a wall too
1 what's worse than a female driver?
0 some people hate trump some people hate hillary but everyone hates duke
0 we're his kids and he hasn't returned yeah this makes sense
0 oi!!! that's not the umbilical cord
0 life goes on
1 you are finally here, brother-slayer. spawn killer. all that strength and you're still nothing but a nigger
0 tomorrow will be another beautiful day filled with assholes
0 i don't know who gave my child a whistle but i will find you and i will kill you
0 when catnip got mixed with the turkey
0 if i just keep looking cute they'll surely blame the dog
1 fidget spinner for woman
0 my dishwasher is acting strange, can anybody help?
0 when your brother sucks at driving
0 god gave his arch angels weapons because even the almighty knew you don't fight evil with tolerance and understanding
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 teacher: alright class take out your calculators mohammed:
1 when you see the gas bill
0 getting stoned in america can be expensive in my country it is free for everyone ''
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 black lives matter '' ''
0 is that guy fucking a goat god damit carl...he is
0 thanks for the shirt asshole
1 what's the difference between an elevator and a black guy... an elevator can raise a kid
1 support the temple motherfuckers i'm here to claim the rights of husband you never give your wife away join the fucking government i hate all freemasons and christians
0 i feel like the big bad wolf looking for the 3 little pigs
0 abortion is a crime!!!
1 when he's muslim and asks you to role play
0 somewhere in a galaxy far, far, away someone will say the n-word
0 when your boss calls on your day off oh fuck you're gonna make me come
1 the us navy keeping tranny hookers laid since 1775
0 bruce jenner's cat
0 when you're a good farmer who raises healthy animals
0 i burned the food so black you know i had to do it
1 cop: am i pronouncing this right, kfc? guy: it's allen cop: ok grape soda
1 how do you play taliban bingo? b-52..f-16...b-1..a-10
1 30% of women should have just shut fuck up
0 original black friday sale
1 we'ree just here to blow you stupid british people e up, letting us in your country
0 all living things are one
1 jews: exsist hitler: it'd be a lot cooler if you didn't
0 ugh, this water is really salty and weird
0 this chick can't stand fishing
1 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
1 sex with a muslim man? i'd pick the goat, too
1 when you eating in a chinese resturant and you hear a dog barking in the kitchen.
0 i'm not racist, but... racist memes are allowed, right?
1 the military finally captured the massive orangutan
0 i've just blocked myself i'm not putting up with my shit either
0 gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
0 pygmy goat says chew when you eat
0 you're not really drunk until you are speaking fluent ozzy osbourne
0 don't get me started about your problems
0 look at me im yo daddy now
1 mohammed i'm pregnant...
0 manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
0 muslim couple taking a selfie
1 did you say dude blew his tranny???
1 why do people think it's okay to call babies he or she? they can't speak yet so they can't say their preferred gender please refer to them as babyself or toddlerself until they can say their pronoun preference otherwise you're ableist and transphobic well, there it is the stupidest thing i'll read today
0 when you found out your wife is cheating on you ya allah
1 made six million fed five thousand jews with jews toast five loaves and two fish
1 cleaned up my friends list before it was cool
1 jokes don't kill people they kill people '' ''
1 .... if only it gave you legs
1 i'm pregnant! are you having a boy... or an abortion?
1 9/11 gets a mourning day while gay get a "pride" month because homosexuality is a bigger tragedy
0 swiming in the summer
0 sometimes i crunch up my jizz when it dries and i bring the white powder to parties and watch people snort my cock sand
1 transgender people have a problem with their head not their crotch
0 how i sleep knowing i'm going to hell in every religion
0 it was real in my mind
0 how black people became christians
0 in one ear and out the other like a boss
0 what happens when you stay out in the sun for too long
0 wow! a dishwasher that can also clean your car
1 my name is jafar i come from afar there's a bomb in my car allahu akbar
1 that chicken is so black it owes child support
1 if it's brown flush it down
1 when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 normie: "your meme's are racist and offensive, i'm unfollowing" nigger me: "take this on your way out"
1 bruce jenner's cat
0 these people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water. then why don't they move closer to the fucking water?
1 siri take me home starting route to jail
1 a black man created the toilet, he made it white on purpose
0 gets drunk gets drunk has sex has sex rapist victim
1 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
0 look at me i'm the president now
1 understanding terrorism: ilhan omar democrat represents muslims fanatical muslim terrorist represents all muslims
0 goes on ancestry.com instead of match.com
0 premier michel marrakesh
0 when the turbulence in the plane gets intense
0 terrorist can come to this country way to easy
0 when you throw yourself in a casket bc you're over it
0 former first lady during an interview
0 when your ex says "you won't find a b*tch half the woman i am"
0 too much ram not enough dodge
1 who's down for a 3.5 way
0 first you add a handful of rice
1 why can't we spend money on education instead of drugs ''
1 when veterans start talking shit
0 bend over, touch your toes i'll show you where the monster goes
0 i know you're lying.. but continue.
1 when you're burning jews but the guard falls asleep don't let the flame die out!
0 i'm sorry i didn't mean to hurt your feelings
0 brett kavanaugh grabbed my penis
0 the face you make when you don't understand what "stop resisting" means
1 gay friend asked for directions told him to go straight
1 free dishwasher missing parts
1 chief crooked bone spurs aka donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be white trash
0 aight girls make it look natural
0 i'm offended that means i'm right
0 i haven't seen liberals this angry since yesterday
1 i'm not saying i'm fat i just have more chins than a asian phone book
0 got his house fumigated for termites got service connected for agent orange
0 actually, im not even mad thats amazing
0 a muslim threesome
1 you call me a goat fucker like it's a bad thing
0 the female body is a gentle, delicate flower except for the vagina. pound the fucking vagina
1 for gay pride month i'd love to pump a gallon of my aids infected homo milk up your large intestine!
1 the worst part about being both black and jewish ? you have to sit in the back of the oven
1 i can't kill the terrorists. they're all my relatives!!!
1 men are like dogs, we are excited to see you and have no idea why you are mad
0 how chevy guys go muddin how ford guys go muddin
0 the best way to get chewing gum out of your hair ''
0 this person wants to use the same restroom as her gender. liberals want to compromise
1 if your happy and you know it clap your hands.
0 ask me if i give a fuck
0 every life is precious
1 this is what science does for humanity this is what islam does for humanity
1 a real man... loads the dishwasher every night!!
0 i need someone to look at me the way he looking at that candy
0 stop editing your pics. what if you go missing? how are we gonna find you if you look like barbie on fb and chupacabra in real life?
0 using your brains to paint a ceiling  michelangelo kurt cobain
0 i don't want no windmill blowin no cancer on me
1 this nigga so black they had to change his background white
1 men wearing dresses and molesting our children? the word you're looking for is clergy, not transgender
0 when you ride in your first self-driving car
0 oh look, a tiny bit of rain ...and i've forgotten how to drive
0 why did paul walker cross the road? he wasn't wearing his seatbelt ifunny.co
1 elmo laughs as he shows the trannys he chromosome you need to be able to call yourself a man
0 when you and your bestie feelin' the hit of the bud kick in
0 if anything can acheive world peace, its bacon
0 if you think it's okay for iran to have nukes, but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
0 when ur so excited to beat the essential oils out of a manbun that you almost snap your hippie stick
0 looking for attention? join us
0 when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
0 the mighty liberal army ready to fight for socialism
1 knowing white people he's probably the father
0 welcome home
0 the haters have arrived
0 adam schiff used tax payer money to pay off a 19 year old male due to sexual harrassment claims echo, if you are sick of this creepy & dosgraceful hypocrite, trashing our president !
1 joke time 3 muslims walk into a bar.
1 sexbomb sexbomb you are my sexbomb
0 my feelings a new amazing anime all must suffer with my new angsty episode
0 white people throwing rice at weddings. "why are they wasting the food"
0 this is hercules the ligar. he weighs 922 pounds. that makes him one of the biggest pussies on earth next to your bitch ass
0 my first act? getting rid of our low uneployment rates
0 therapy dogs are now being trained to console rape victims of muslims
0 a real man... loads the dishwasher every night!!
0 "those that attack one muslim, are attacking all muslims" those that attack one american, are attacking all americans! "
0 jewish invention ''
1 that look transgender preditor gives when she's hungry for white people
1 muslims in 2001 muslims in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
1 that face you make when you realize where all them free drugs came from
0 xzhibit wearing new jewery
1 when you are virgin for a long time and then you see memes on muslims fucking their sisters, mothers, fathers and goats and now you just can't be more proud of being a muslim
0 when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
0 when you cant decide whether to feel sorry for this man or just hate him
0 when your girl thinks it's cool to yell at you in front of company
0 native american women
1 damn chewbacca ewoks are our friends
1 we want sharia law !! well.... go home
1 you're a rapist, you're a rapist, all mexicans are rapists!
0 american teenage girl visiting the children of africa
0 people love whoever
1 you stupid americans we are taking over your country and you can't stop us
1 stupid people should carry a sign to let others know they're stupid me: some do
0 if the bill of your hat is flat and has a sticker on it i just asssume you're a douche bag
1 no mommy nig i've no idea who did it
0 what a cute little baby bacon
0 people gather for eid al-fitr praying
0 maga bois when they see trump coming for suppressors "you were supposed to be the chosen one!!!
1 taking on a job at the morgue, ernie has finally found a way to do good in the world. if all those girls die as virgins, they should at least not be buried as such
1 my pussy is getting hard
1 i was holding a door open for an asian guy and he was like "sank you" so i knocked him the fuck out. you don't talk about pearl harbor like that
1 up to train & @peta team @ unhumanrights therapy dogs to console muslim rape victims
0 i sold all your games because i'm the only thing you need
1 let this tranny suck you to completion for 3 billion dollars  yes or no
0 this muslim guy is in heaven
1 it's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
0 whoah! chill out
1 matte black gloss black
0 sea monkeys
0 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
1 and so it begins... pedophelia was always the end game of gay marriage; we christians tried to warn you
1 look dad im doing it you did it tyrone! you stole your first bike
0 big shout out to all those who haven't blocked or unfollowed me i'm impressed
0 yes i'm trying to divide the country i'm dividing the illegals from the actual citizens
1 white people be like: outside inside
0 one day christians will have to live like this to avoid the mark of the beast are you prepared?
0 i like big girls because, no matter where you grab them it feels like titties..
0 why you asking stupid questions
0 you can't get her pregnant if you practice abstinence
1 jamal! im pregnant!!!
0 fifty shades of goat an isis love story
1 new zealand edition call of duty
0 we shall snort cocaine and have our assholes tongued by the angels
0 lazy day nothing to steal
0 good fences make good neighbors bad neighbors make good fertilizer
0 keep flirting with me i will find you and i will fuck you
1 something went... terribly wrong 1947 2017
0 go ahead, report me they can't un un-butt hurt you the truth
0 the government i can offer you security, i require only that you kneel conservatives now see, that's gonna be a problem
0 what i used to look for what i look for now
0 don't be racist hate everyone
0 how i act when someone gets offended by some real shit... oh... i'm sorry bitch
0 tell trump + mcconnell to stop trying to help democrats pass amnesty for millions of illegals by june 28! (202) 456-1111 (202) 224-2541
0 sorry i'm late have the racist comments started yet?
0 farm equipment and livestock don't mix
0 i'm just here for the boobs
1 oh look my new dishwasher arrived
0 now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this hump day
0 "have you tried their food? neither have they"
0 i am not racist some of my best slaves are black
0 when she got a big booty but she's classy
1 i'm a feminist and i work to protect rights of women . calm down.. i didn't mean muslim women
0 what you can find in amazon
0 if you believe that, i've got fresh cattle to sell you
1 when you type fidget spinner but it autocorrects to midget spinner
0 who was the greatest prostitute in history? ms. pacman for 25 cents she swallowed balls until she died
0 they told me to clean my weapons so i washed my hands
0 when your dick game is weak but your finger game is out of this world
0 have you ever talked to someone so stupid that it gives you a forest whitaker eye
0 happy birthday dickhead
1 when mama say sit yo monkey ass down
1 when you tell your islamic friend, you cannot go on the same plane as them. all right then. keep your life
0 this time jesus you're not getting away
0 being buried with honor vs disrespect in an unmarked grave
0 i got some muhammed for you right here howyou like me now?
0 who decided to call this a urinal cake instead of a piscuit
1 white trash go to hell trump fuck donald trump
0 that magic of makeup is astonishing
1 winnie the pooh skinny the jew
0 if you kill as many as you want our goverment will put you in jail
1 no one: white cops: he's black, so i'm assuming that he's evil
0 turn your dishwasher into a snow remover
1 i saw an ad on tv. i called the number on the screen i had to get one, they seem to work so much better than those sticky strips that hang from the ceiling
0 i did it for harambe
0 we have to stop this recent culture of people telling us they're offended and expecting us to give a fuck
0 petition to give jacinda ardern nobel peace prize reaches more than 18,000
0 knowing white people, that's probably the babies father
1 muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
0 hate should be abolished from every neighborhood and removed from every country
1 the only white man that i trust..  for about 15 seconds
1 how to pick chicks in auschwitz
1 yaaahhh africa!
1 has an orgasm... ...shoots out tranny fluid
1 i'm not transphobic i just don't like 'em
0 jews had to have stars sewn on to their shirts in order to identify them during the holocaust
0 cotton farm
1 immigrant problem problem fixed
0 some people think magic is the devil
0 my parents lived better with a high school diploma than i do with a 4 year degree of the 3 million available jobs today, less than 20% require a 4 year degree "we are lending money we don't have to kids who can't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist. that's nuts -mike rowe
0 are u a wizard?
0 you with the ewe stop that!
0 do you have a moment to talk about allah?
0 fifty shades of goat an isis love story
0 vw owners be like hmm_must be a tdi meet
1 when you have to hold her like this at night because she steals
1 when your kid actually is transgender
0 when your little one brings home his first girlfriend
0 holding cooking classes for those with disabilities gives them a new form of independence
1 mom.. this horse smells funny!
0 back off murderers we fight for justice
0 baby with beauty marks
1 interracial dating somting like that
0 my kid threatened to hold his breath until i gave him dessert. he's now passed out on the kitchen floor i don't negotiate with terrorists
0 sooo gorillas really are humans
0 we will take your guns... then your bibles
1 got thrown out of a muslim clothes shop today. i only asked where the bomber jackets were
1 let me "talk" to the ceo of lgbt
0 when it's time to talk about the birds and the bees
1 this transgender shit is getting outta hand
0 hitler, the leader of the nazi's
1 when your master refuse to feed you a watermelon after you pluck cotton from his field
0 nana addo 2016 compare the difference
0 evolution if you don't believe you are idiot
1 breaking news: al franken fondles former first lady !
1 woman are supposed to be like butterflies beautiful to look at and hard to catch. yall are acting like a bunch of mosquitos
0 i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
1 selling this anique farm equipment still works and runs like a champ. serious inquiries only
0 welcome to melbourne
0 danish bacon ... it's gonna rock your world
1 when you forgo history and embrace your slavemaster
0 mr free shit and bullshit mrs
0 i love it when people think my posts are about them as if i had enough time to insult you bastards individually
1 class! class! listen! daylight savings ends today you must move your clock bombs forward one hour
0 they did not even leave dogs
1 gay conversion therapists hate this man learn how he cured the gay with this one weird trick
0 when you need a diaper because you're a still a baby
1 dishwasher is broken? slap her a few times
0 speak out to end domestic violence
0 you're a killer! your only purpose in life is too skull fuck the enemy into submission! just let it all go and act normal!
0 rev al sharpton that kid was 17 black and unarmed
0 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
0 happy birthday can we go to a mexican restaurant? we will pay
0 happy birthday and believe me, no one can wish you a better happy birthday than me
0 when i try to be my self around people [ everyone disliked that. ]
0 a wax figure of anne frank
0 teacher: " ok class, bring out your calculators" mohammed:
0 just trying to  do my part
0 chillin with my squad
1 ah, i think we may have found the problem you appear to be a person of colour
0 please tell me this happens to other people
0 when the squad is about to get lit.
1 fuck allah fuck islam and guck the child raper muhammad and yes that's pork in the quran
0 before you start praying with me remember you should always say: "in the name of allah"
0 how they see how i see
0 i agree hi 5 bro
1 a muslim threesome
0 stupid you are breed you should not
0 rev up those gas chambers
0 we should put a stop to capital punishment
1 when someone drops a penny
0 woman badly injured in fight
0 you know like when the tv doesnt work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
0 share this pile of bacon for no reason
0 when you fire up your 30 year old straight piped shitbox "hell yeah brother"
1 *when they cut muslim child neck instead of dick* the bomb has been defused
0 that job interview was going so well. until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow. fucked up memes funny messed up pictures
1 jamal cycle faster the owners are coming
0 when you walk into the furry convention and you pull your ar-15 out purification is imminent
0 we don't always die, but when we do, we don't
0 when you're cutting onions infront of your wife and you're trying to hold in your tears
0 trump derangement syndrome is real we can help! our skilled operators are standing by to take your phone-calls 1-800-you-lost let us help you get over it
0 when black dick just ain't cutting it anymore
0 opens ice cream shop only sells shakes
1 marge, i converted to islam!
0 when people talk trash but you're a bigger person
1 like me you idiots should be storming the capitol right now instead you're drinking beer, smoking weed, and shooting off chinese fireworks. now do you see why we made you slaves?
0 a fast sandwich maker
1 the most underrated cook of all time
0 i see you are our waitress i'll order very sloooowly obviously you don't listen
1 when you recorded 3times "talak" in your abbu voice and plays it in front of your mum becuase you wanna fuck her after divorce ye hai digital buslim
1 2 +2 is potato minus 1 is poo quick math!
0 i don't always have sweaty balls but when i do, they're wetter than a tiajuana hooker during spring break and smell like a zombie's vagina
0 when he asks you to get on top & ride his meat but doesn't know you're gonna jam it in your butthole & take his soul
0 these are just to break
0 immigrants illegal aliens
1 message from the other side tell the muslims there's no 72 virgins left
0 west side east side genocide
0 don't text me i'm in a meeting
0 is your girlfriend hot like me?
0 come back
0 how do you like my retro red bike?
0 in 8 yrs i improved life for millions of illegal aliens, every muslim terrorist group & basically everyone i could except the one country i was responsible for
0 because of trump walmart is selling american made appliances again
1 mississippi wind chime
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 if you think the other puns where bad just wait till you sea mine
0 why do white people smell like bologna?
1 blind people will be so happy when they see these new emojis
1 fuck the jews the only religious extremists you can't make fun of because they print all the money slaves worship
0 the feeling of dry skin be like
0 mamma! this goat scares me
0 oh my god i don't give a fuck
0 my father and mother like me to be a boxer
0 49 years in public office name an accomplishment
0 the only kkk to ever let black men in
0 shoot them
1 male: *becomes successful* ugly white bitch claiming she got raped 20 years ago:
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
0 what women do vs what people think they do
0 if you make a left you'll see where you had me fucked up at
0 7 generations of check engine lights
1 you dirty fucking nigger
1 when your dishwasher is ready for another load
1 making a white trash album, if you could send me some pictures, that'd be great
0 always a nice feeling to wear nicely washed pants
0 he is proving you don't have to be poor to be trash
0 auschwitz gas chamber
0 when was the last time you saw so many mentally ill people on the streat
1 oh herro preeze welcome to shitty wok, can i take your order preeze!
1 *laughs in goat-fucker*
0 real men don't use violence the fuck is she talking about?
0 enough deaths stop gun violence
1 interviewer: can you demonstrate your problem solving abilities ? me:
0 a mothers love is like no other
0 life has never given me lemons it has given me anger issues, anxiety, a love for alcohol, a serious dislike for stupid people. but not lemons
0 my goal for 2019 is to accomplish the goals of 2018 which i should have done in 2017 because i promised them in 2015 and planned them in 2014
0 an old man picked me up, i told him, "kiss me and i'll turn into a princess." he stuck me in his pocket, and i said, "aren't you going to kiss me?"he said, "i'm 85 years old, i'd rather have a talking frog."
0 the old ice cream on the face gag
0 immigrants illegal aliens
0 when your dishwasher is done for good
0 martin luther king jr rallying the community (1963)
1 share the meme instead of tagging your friends you fucking niggers
0 what in the f*ck is almond milk? it's milk! show me the tit on an almond
0 "car salesman roof of car"
1 only 30's kids will remember this
0 this is the greatest news manufacturing in 20th century
0 let's reduce drunk driving by taking cars away from sober drivers makes as much sense as gun control
0 the look after being told something idiotic be like
0 my wife asked me where i'd like to be buried apparently, "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting
0 what if marty feldman had a daughter? he did
0 how we see muslims how muslims see us
0 picture portaying slaves arriving on ships
1 remember folks please help control the violent, whitetrash, idiot population; have your trump supporters spayed or neutered
1 black people anything that doesn't belong to them
0 violence against men: you go girl violence against women: stop the cycle of violence
0 liberal guide to attacking a critic of islam 1. call them a racist 2. tell them their points aren't legitimate because they haven't been personally attacked
1 usa 2030 why didn't grand dad stop them mom?
0 a typical white man
0 it's a beautiful day i thinki'll skip my meds and stir shit up a bit
1 "took my wife to subway today , i asked the girl to make me a sandwich she said no problem i turned to my wife and said "now how mutherfuckin hard was that?..
0 when you got somewhere to be but the sheep are blocking the road again
1 i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
1 1st place ugliest tranny
0 happy no russian collusion day!!! time for retribution!
0 dishwasher is broken? slap her a few times
0 i'm so patriotic, i piss red, white, and blue my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer i told him to shut his commie mouth
0 the only time you can hang out with your best friend is when you go fishing
0 i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america
1 marokko speed dating
0 we said we would never forget and we haven't
0 this just in... sources are saying that you can go fuck yourself.. coming up: why you can eat shit and die..._
0 apparently the british public can't put their finger on the problem
1 scientists announced that dolphins are second to man in intelligence that pushes women to 3rd place
0 look at the bright side you are only half black now
1 good asian '' ''
1 islam is a religion of peace behead those who mock islam
0 i hit a deer last night with my truck
0 woman arrested by traffic cop
0 i bought this brand new
0 this is a stonger man than any one can hope to be
0 i seriously need a good fucking from something other than life
0 tell us again how bad obama and hillary are while that which-hunt lands everyone in jail
1 mixed vegetables
0 imagine a group of people filled with so much love they have to make laws so they can live at peace
1 sends 6 million to heaven knows jews are god's chosen people
1 me respect women no, i don't believe bush did 9-11 it's just a meme
0 if you think you are hungry, you might just be thirsty have a beer first and then see how you feel, after!
0 made rice krispies way before kellogs
1 subway is similar to prostitution you pay someone else to do your wife's job
0 him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing him: chopping fucking vegetables
1 my grandpas tractor never broke down
1 in other contries in porkistan
1 alabama: bans abortions all of alabama in 5 years
1 if black lives matter so much why dont their fathers want to be a part of it
0 i hate people who drive trucks like these we get it. you rape
0 privilege has a color, white is not it
0 what if i told you there is absolutely no proof that jesus ever existed. his existence is merely presumed based on anecdotal evidence
0 this is what ignorant people think when they see a muslim
1 we should respect blacks
0 ready for prom
1 teacher: " ok class, bring out your calculators" mohammed:
0 india vs bangladesh how bangladeshi's see how indian's see
1 squatted trucks for when sucking dick while getting buttfucked just isn't gay enough
0 when someone makes eye contact with you while you're doing cardio look away!
0 don't forget me!!!!!! i'm an asshole too!!!
0 when someone drops a penny
0 celebrating the ebt card..oh snap
0 when one of your neighbor's goats strays away from the herd now this looks like a job for me
1 islam is a religion of peace lets celebrate by killing infidels and beating women
0 there's so much white trash in this picture i barely know where to start!
0 senator for 36 years vice president for 8 blames trump for america's s problems
0 very tired after group sex mohammed is
0 it would be surprising to find a muslim in a gay bar due to their beliefs
0 it's national hebrew day! let's make some challah!
1 when you ask the jewish girl for her number and she starts rolling up her sleeve
1 when you're usually a happy afghan but your girl broke up with you so now you're asad afghan taliban spokesman
0 gays on their way home after pride weekend
0 throwback thursday we was all by ourselves at one time we was the only once's in the new phase to build and close
0 when you catch your bestfriend with another man ya done fucked up
1 kids in africa wouldn't starve if they ate the flies on their face
0 him: you seen my cat lately jill?
1 if being a racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & goatshit ruled by a barbaric cult then i'm a racist
1 no i'm not going to kill the gays, make slavery legal, and take away women's rights i'm not a muslim
0 you guys read my diary? wtf?
1 england where moslems can rape your children and reporting it is a crime
0 if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
1 #neverforget what your ancestors went through #christianity if you even think about dating a white man you disgust me
1 this one time at camp we got so baked
1 trust me the muslims won't rape you now
1 yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas?
1 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
0 the old lady shows arthur what she used to do during the war
0 warning! please handle large fireworks with care!
0 hitler and mussolini sharing a laugh
0 a islamic leader among his followers
0 never forget i was killed in front of my children and my pregnant wife
0 when the safe word is "flower" but she kept saying "flour"
1 pedal faster patrick, the owners are coming
0 child hospitalized
0 it doesn't matter how good your grades are or if you have a high iq if you lack logic, reason and common sense you're fucking stupid
1 mississippi wind chime
0 yes ma'am..! that's a cunt
0 not sure what's in the fridge, but this dishwasher is about to get a big load
1 how do you start a rave in ethiopia tape a peice of toast to the ceiling
1 i love to butt fuck goats
1 jewish invention ''
1 manual trans automatic trans rebuilt trans
1 wait, mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh, really size doesh't matter to me lol
0 when asked what did you click on, you said "nothing" the 12 toolbars in your browser determined that was a lie
0 when you've been released from fb jail knowing full well you haven't been rehabilitated and will reoffend
0 dad, dishwasher is loaded again '' ''
0 a muslim was here '' '' ''
0 why love one but eat the other ?
0 miami dolphins super bowl highlights
0 stevie wonder be like #selfie!
0 he was big and black my ass had no choice
1 is it a boy or a girl it's a bomb
1 the face that pro-lifers make when you talk about shooting immigrants
0 women in islamic countries are getting involved with politics
0 how you guys think you looks like but when pados wale pandit jee sees you
0 "wea yo top lip at doe" "missing like yo dad"
0 my girlfriend told me that i should treat her like a princess so i married her off to a stranger to strengthen the alliance with france
0 sorry i'm late. having tranny problems
0 where do they get their weapon?
1 take that monkey shit off! you embarassin' us
0 rev up those gas chambers
0 rare photo of two us soldiers held up in japanese war camp
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 i'm coming for everything they say i couldn't have
1 anyone that says white people can't jump obviosly hasn't seen the 9/11 footage "white people can't jump"
0 if you think it's okay for iran to have nukes, but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
0 can i have my razor back please?
1 joe jackson the first father to successfully beat the black off his child
0 found this old photo of our grand parents on their quad
1 myth: gingers don't have souls fact: gingers earn a freckle for every soul they steal
0 when you take a bottle of water to africa
0 "i hope the electoral college gets beat in the ncaa tournament "
0 immigrants illegal aliens the difference is obvious
0 went outside today yolo
1 all i want to do is move to your country, rape your women, bomb your buses, ripot in your streets and demand that you accept my religion why can't you be more tolerant?
0 nothing taste better than a well done steak with ketchup. change my mind
0 sorry, bill, but where you're going, they won't be frozen but they'll still be long and brown
1 though we adore men individually we agree that as a group they're rather stupid
0 we've been at peace with japan since 1945 time to make peace with isis
0 if i have a dollar and you have 20 dollars then i have 21 dollars
0 how we see muslims how muslims see us
0 has one night stand but way too many books to fit on it
0 how i see black people getting trolled on the internet
0 you're asking people for 5 cents a day? but you had money to fly here and make a commercial?
1 storm in they can't rape us all
1 why do muslims were towels on their heads so if they run out of toilet paper they have something to wipe their ass
1 me: *locks the door* every jew in the gas chamber:
1 north american pavement ape
0 what do you want to do? win!! when do you want to do it? now!
0 some people say religion is a labor of love
0 america in reality don't let the media divide us!
0 when the democrats investigate trump for over 2 years and the only thing they uncover is their own crimes
1 all races unite against islam!
1 dear diary today op was a faggot
0 when your mom is mopping the floor and tells you to pick up your feet
0 "so then i was going to tell a princess diana joke" "but that would have crashed and burned "
0 putting this on the fridge to look at every time go get a snack i don't need you could have easily lost tirty pounds tis munt
0 ah, quit your screaming i washed my paws in the toilet bowl after i used the litterbox
0 wait, mohammad come back!! didn't mean to laugh, really size doesn't matter to me
0 dulux color chart matt black gloss black
0 when you're having an airheaded year
0 joe biden fought side by side with racist robert bird to stop school desegregation! groper joe gave the eulogy at kkk leaders funeral..
0 when you're trying to impress your man
0 anyone who has been paying attention knows the biggest threat to an innocent persons life in america is the police like if you agree
0 did a lot of medical research didn't hurt any animals
1 immigrants wave our flag invaders wave their own
1 when you punch the muslim kid so hard that he starts having seizures and fucking dies the bomb has been defused
0 no matter who wins, i think this election will seriously boost alcohol sales
0 all these flavors and you choose to be salty
0 why did paul walker cross the street? he wasn't wearing a seatbelt that is wrong correct. he actually burnt up in the car
0 lol don't bother buckling up because we are all going to die
0 when you hear noises at night and its just goats
0 trouble with a bully? load up on pcp and show that fucker who's boss!
0 he told me he was a democrat i asked if i could borrow a tampon
0 good asian '' ''
0 valentine in islamic countries
0 when it's your 1st cake day and you really wanna blow that candle
0 north american pavement ape
0 ask me a dumb question again
0 pokes holes in friends' condoms mom gets pregnant
1 auditioned for jazz band not enough soul
1 when halloween has been a month ago, but your son continues to dress as a woman
1 when ur too young to know the concept of racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
1 when i see people who post "punch a nazi" in person im a nazi, i hate niggers, gregg are you gonna punch me???
0 the banality of evil
0 when you finally trim months of growth your pubes after 6 oh there you are peter!
1 america is for americans period! i agree. why don't you go back to europe
1 after i'm done huntin' illegal aliens... i'm gonna get one of those technology jobs they took away from me
0 when mum tells you to rinse the vegetables
0 thank you for allowing me into your country now we need to talk about the things that need to change around here to accommodate my beliefs
1 beating things to make them work again
1 when you do a fat rail but you still feel down
1 that's right goat fucker i'll triple tap your muslim ass
1 i'm at the camp and i still can't concentrate
0 i vote republican... ...because i may not have much, but republicans will make sure others have even less
0 when an indian goes for walk with his dog
1 who can deny the cash chambers
1 i don't care what these liberal pro lgbt government officals say if i see a man follow any of the females in my family into the bathroom he'll crawl out looking like this
0 the obama's with empire star jussie smollett
1 solution to mexicans paying for the wall leave all the illegals hanging around the border
0 the only person i trust is me and even that's pretty fucking iffy sometimes
1 how to break up a blacklivesmatter protest! are you my dad
0 happy birthday let's snort some cake!
0 imagine if you will a group of people so disgusting.. ...they have to make laws making it illegal to hate them
0 sea monkeys
0 i'm a liberal and i support trump!
1 what do you mean happy columbus day?
0 oh you talk so tough from behind your keyboard tell me again what a badass you are
0 the most confusing moments
1 100% of illegal aliens are criminals
1 old ugly mexican granny wanna be light skinned bitch black bags under eyes the makeup doesn't even cover it up fucken old hag
1 shame on these gays! and shame on muslims marrying children. said the christian molesting little boys
0 when i grow up.. lol nevermind
0 how dare you criticize me, a woman of color
0 fuck outta here go on, git!
1 fleshlight
1 when you finally headshot 150 black people
0 arabs: how they think they look how they actually look
1 felling cute. might fuck a goat later idk
0 we got my blind cousin a puppy for christmas
0 "fuck it" - my final thought before making most decisions
1 all men are dogs.. so which breed is your dad?
1 people still don't get it zionist jews for israel are racist monsters
0 our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims
0 communication is important in a relationship
0 you're telling me i can't pick my bedtime but i can pick my gender?
1 it says right here we can bang goats
1 you sent out so much smoke red indians came to make peace
0 when your friend plays rap music on the way to a kkk meeting dude, you're embarassing me in front of the wizards
0 and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother! and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!!
1 >2000: "relax, bigot. it's not like gays are going to come into your kid's classroom and tell them to be gay." >2017.
0 when there's nothing left to drink and your mom says we have a faucet
0 i have an idea... don't listen to any of mine
0 breaking news the people don't believe our bullshit anymore
0 some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
0 we '' protects pedophiles from being prosecuted
1 blind people will be so happy when they see these new emojis
0 a lynching in indiana in the early 30s
1 i's ed moore. and i's loves crackas
0 breaking news the people don't believe our bullshit anymore
1 white people already paid reparations
0 i've been told by a vegan that i should grow my food, not hunt it. does anyone know how to grow bacon?
0 how a woman tells society she is single
0 you need yo ass beat
0 "harder, harder" "that's a good boy"
1 i slipped and fell on black ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone
0 who's down for a 3.5 way
0 truth be told the real reason for racism
0 i got some muhammed for you right here howyou like me now?
1 nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you celebrate it with bae
0 ocean brought to shore this shoe from a refugee
0 a smile is worth a thousand words
1 when the bitch ass jews won't eradicate themselves so you help them along the way
1 saw "cotton picker" thought it would be a field of black people
0 '' shoot them
0 why do i bother pressing one for english? i still get someone who can't speak it!!
1 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. but here i am free to talk trash about the u.s. in hopes that it can soon change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
0 the pope flies to greece to tell christians to love muslims i'm just curious, why doesn't he fly to iraq
1 rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
1 death to all muslims
0 when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid
1 what do you call double stacked ovens? jewish bunk beds
0 little boy from kenya
0 when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
0 when you've accepted your sexual preferences and are happy with your life now
0 ford owners be like.. cash me ousside walkin' cause my ford's broke agin how bow dah?! lol~camo kid~
1 if this makes you a citizen does this make him family
1 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 just trying to do my part
0 "me: want some ribs? chinese person: no me: want some ribs made from house pets? chinese person: "
0 woman from tribe making flour
0 i think if people want " to wipe out reminders of slavery segregation & white supremacy we might consider getting rid of the democratic party
0 62.5 tons of get the fuck outta my way
0 redneck word of the day: twerk imma have a few beers before i get back twerk
1 god- makes women humans- make dishwasher god- am i a joke to you?
0 when someone messages you when you're jerkin it who the hell is interrupting my kung fu?
0 what's that burning? oh it's my family
0 listen up sweetheart and let this sink in. i never owned any slaves and you never picked any cotton. here ends the lesson. i dont owe you shit
1 i believe this is the work of the zionist enemy they burned notre dame cathedral as message to the world
1 i like my refugees like this '' '' ''
0 i can't leave my light beer alone in the fridge witht he dark one anymore
0 when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
1 i need you to .. remove all muslims from any public office
0 when your white friends invite you to dinner and tell you to bring whatever you want
0 the hardest part about breaking up with her is when you don't want to lose her
0 i'm dreaming of a white christmas
1 go be gay somewhere else
1 this time. our president is not your muslim brother
0 laughter really is the best medicine
0 a little driving music makes my day
1 any white girl that look like this will rob you and help you look for whatever she stole
0 feeling pretty cute might blow something up later....idk yet
0 about 1-2% of the human population has red hair
1 nobody: gordon ramsay: do i need to revive hitler to teach you how to use a fucking oven?
0 and you get a chip implant ! and you get a chip implant!... everyone gets a chip implant!
1 were just here to blow you stupid british people for letting us in your country
0 when you've waited 40 years to be king, but your mother refuses to die
0 dear "dad". i did it without you. love, the daughter you left behind
1 men are pigs some just oink louder than others
0 sure timmy i'll hold your mayo
1 get back in that oven you racist white bitch
0 this is my diary
1 it's time to kill the british and dump tea into the ocean, and i'm all out of tea
0 i don't know what she's fixing but mine just broke
1 crisis hotline, how can i help? well...i'm feeling suicidal.. great! can you fly a plane?!
0 so you want me to yell maga and punch jussie smollet
1 i'm an evolved monkey on a cartoon ball, nasa told me, its science bruh!
0 i have a dream that one day my people will not act like animals
0 happy and stupid
0 white kids be like i can't watch this
0 what is girlfriend ....? addition of problems, subtraction of money multiplication of enemies ,division of friends
0 take that monkey shit off! you embarassin' us
0 sacred cross? let me call my friend who's an expert in holy relics
1 your milkshake brings all the tards to the yard
1 this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
0 here's to you obama! let's have a drink!
1 so, you think by being our sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you? you are a special kind of stupid
0 mamma! i am hungry!!!!
1 look son a dirty fucking muslim
1 "women have the will of an adult but have the mind of a child."
1 when you dropped all the jewish kids off at the wrong camp
0 the look he gives you when you're the new sheik in town
0 daily activity log i got this
0 jihadi magazine's miss december
1 when he's muslim and asks you to role play
0 mom.. this horse smells funny!
0 wearing an all black outfit is the new grey
0 so i guess a handjob is out of the question
1 when an indian man marries he scratches the dot off his wife's forehead to see if he's won a gas station, a motel, or a subway resturant
1 just because she weighed as much as two people, that doesn't mean that you had a threesome
0 jamal lying andre lyons hakeem lyons
1 show me your bare naked ankles you dirty whore
0 which one has tranny problem? '' those tranny problems
0 proof you don't have to fly a plane into a building to destroy a nation!
1 the third person in your tag list owes you a nigger
0 at the isis strip club meanwhile
0 my new boyfriend has dandruff you should give him head and shoulders how do you give shoulders?
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 the father of christianity pagan sun-worship constantine
1 if she wears this out in public she is on section 8 and she steals
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 dude i'm joking grandma didn't use your pacifier as a butt plug
0 i won 1st place
1 behead atheists kill kill kill! saria law buslims in buslim countries let's have some respect religion of peace brother buslims where they are a minority
0 four good reasons to re-elect trump
0 they found oil in australia but they already have democracy
1 when it's 1942 and you're jewish dj khaled suffering from ss
0 hunger games he's winning
1 when your memes spread faster than stds at gay bars i've got the power
0 socialism. . ...people line up waiting for bread. capitalism.. ...bread is lined up waiting for people. see the difference
1 behind every screaming goat is a muslim with his pants down
0 i heard you need a new partner
0 when you're the only one who doesn't bring a bottled water to hiking
0 large big mac no ice
0 a muslim walks into a gay bar bartender: what will it be? muslim: free shots for everyone!
1 all that's wrong with america is white people!
1 when you kick a trans woman in the crotch you see, he's just a man
0 hide and go seek champion july 6 1942 - august 4 1944
1 racing for pink slips in africa
1 so i bent him over like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
0 "what part of "i didn't find shit" do you libtards not understand? "
1 fresh out of bradford bomb jovi
1 intense game of twister auschwitz 1942
1 black hebrew-israelite strong delusion warning (2thess, 2:10-12) yes this is a cult gal 1:8-9 rev 22: 18-19
0 what doesn't kill you gives you a sick sense of humor miss t
0 ribbed condoms don't even taste like ribs
0 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 hen your unvaccinated chi rvives 18 years but cides to kill himself you were the chosen one
1 there's a joke in here somewhere? a indian a socialist a smeller a mistress a homosexual and a terrorist lover walk into a bar.
0 when you start fingering yourself but your sister cums instead
0 oh look my new dishwasher arrived
1 we got my blind cousin a puppy for christmas
1 we pray for the destruction of israel and the american way of life
1 your sense of humor is so dark, police want to shoot it . just gonna leave this here - #iaoh
0 tuesday, january 17, 2017 your legacy had less than 72 hours left and most of it could be undone with a pen and phone in less than 20 minutes
0 i will find you and.. and what. my apologies, i have dialed the wrong number
0 "if i'm indicted, i'll take half of dc with me." actually, i'll be sending half of dc with you
1 let's play: word scramble n g e g i r
1 of course i support "men's rights" ...men's rights to shut the fuck up!
0 i like my women like i like my subs 6 and 12
0 "nevr forget" - you said... we didn't forget and we are fighting this together
0 pakistanis when indian pages posts any posts
0 calling white people racist is racism
0 when i interview for a job: do we get our resumes back or do you keep them? because i only have the one, and i have a chili recipe on the back that i really wanna keep
0 what your ancestors were doing july 4, 1776 what dummies do today for july 4th
0 chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin
0 how slaves were mistreated
1 i got fired from a restaurant for sticking my fingers in the dishwasher i'm wondering why they didn't fire her too
1 i may be blind but at least i'm not black
0 we love your country its our best chance at success
1 i don't always jihad but when i do i kill the disabled
1 i told my gay friend that i can turn fruits in to vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
1 is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
0 that makes me moister than an oyster
0 how to make america great again
1 we'll kill you over some trivial shit then fucking mock your dying words
0 suspect is a male wearing clothing, kinda looks like a mountain panda but i don't want to assume
0 if democrats really cared about election interference then why are they so against voter id laws?
0 my girlfriend is a porn star she is going to be so pissed off when she finds out
0 newl y released pictures of life after the green new deal
0 when somebody "waves" at me in messenger the fuck you want?
1 what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults ? a sandy hook
0 that makes me moister than an oyster
0 i'm going to be real honest with you you should have washed this motherfucker before coming here
0 smile it's your birthday!
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
0 black peopple started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." it has become a form of expression through fashion
1 started playing hide and seek with dad been looking for him for 25 years
1 "when she says "don't cum in me" but you know she'll make a great single mother
1 hitler at auschwitz be like: so we're just going to leave them for another minute or two until they get nice and smokey
0 damn michelle are you hungry?
0 interracial dating somting like that
0 today we are making vegetable soup
1 instead of being "born again" why not just grow up?
1 this is why no one likes black people
1 my hands look like this so she can look like this
1 when you're feeling horny asf but your habibi is on periods let's try a goat
0 breakyourownnews.com live breaking news coca cola 2 released 21:33 ustad anwar rilis released
0 its cool were divorced but we will always be cousins
1 when you ask the stoke patient to smile
0 got crap for brains??? make sure you wear your diaper
0 when she asks you to send a dick pic and your dick is in her mom's mouth
1 that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
0 my buddy was telling me he cries during sex. i was like, you fuckin bitch. then i realized he's in prison
0 when your grandma sees you for the first time in a whole week he's so fucking big. me#irl
0 mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
1 take your fuckin' muslim ass back to the sand box!
0 when you accidently hit the bees nest outside
0 photo shooting day in office
0 before he was a 'pow' he killed 120+ us crewmen unseal his records john mccain: american fraud uss forrestal fire july 29 1967 research it google & you tube
1 manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem...
0 when you realize you fought on the wrong side during wwii
0 this muslim guy is walking his goats
0 when i see my girlfriend at any time of the day doing anything at all you're breathtaking
1 only 1.4% of white people ever owned slaves so blaming the entire white race is racism at it's finest!
0 bruce jenner's cat
1 each color is a mental disease
0 i don' t always wag my tail, but when i do i try to hit everything i can with it
0 market day
0 after blowing on an n64 cartridge oh fuck put it back in!
0 the truth is out! you're the greatest queen of them all!
0 it's hard but it's worth it
1 when black dick just ain't cutting it anymore
1 men's shaving map transbender shaving map
0 when you're 15 and you're just now learning how to ride a bike
1 this offends me ban them do you agree?
1 the only time you can hang out with 2 dirty hookers and a tranny
0 a mother speaking to her deaf child using sign language
0 238,000 veterans have died waiting for healthcare u.s. increases aid to israel to $4.5 billion/yr
0 if you're easily offended and looking for a "safe place" my page ain't it. move along snowflake
0 mueller found no collusion dad we're democrats...we'll find another lie and i've told you please call me mom
0 stop illegal immigration call ice at 1-866-347-2423
0 how much did the holla cost?
0 cereal in the bowl first or milk in the bowl first it really be like that
0 as fbi director, i don't always overlook criminal activity but when i do.. it's because i found my suicide note while going through hillary's emails
0 not my president not my residents
0 first gay pride parade! can't wait! making history
0 im long and strong and down to get my groove thing on
1 feeling cute might fuck a tranny later, idk
0 when you see your goat with another man
0 even michelle obama has her bad days
0 beep! beep! i'm a milk truck go home, bessie. you're drunk
0 just got angry all over again thinking about how zola made unathi umsunu nationally. saying unoxolo is just a friend kodwa akana address akana bellas then how the fuck is she your friend the lies! the lies!
1 incest never goes wrong
0 mississippi wind chime
1 let me be clear....  if i had a son, he would look like harambe
0 when you eat that ass and find out you're allergic to peanuts
1 white men are evil... i married one to make sure
0 this salad is so fresh it had to live with its aunty and uncle in bel air
1 not all black people are criminals
0 love doesn't have a color
1 what do you do when your dishwasher stops working? slap her on the ass and tell her to get to work
1 i said glass of juice not gas the jews
0 pelosi slams trump after he gets mexico to cave, says "threats & temper tantrums are no way to negotiate foreign policy..." why is she so mad that trump got mexico to finally help us stop illegal immigration?
1 what are they fighting over? is it: a) the last pan ducle b) he accidentally touch the homies hand passing a beer? c) foo used the last of the three flowers. d) homie said "i got you on gas" but he only has $3!
0 farmville 1943 deluxe
0 that's a man baby!
0 when you strive to be a real life picasso painting
0 me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave every one else at the senior center:
1 illegal immigrants bring drugs, crime, and rapists yeah. we know
0 the shot you never hear
0 mlk giving an inspirational speech
0 give a man an opportunity and he'll run with it
0 go to the winchester, have a pint and wait for this all to blow over
0 nothing brings more happiness to a shepard than his sheep
1 black women are socially consructed to do this with black men but act like submissive and feminine when they're with whit men
1 pakistanis when indian pages posts any posts
1 we '' protect pedophiles from being prosecuted
0 muslim strip club
0 adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
0 when she finally has your own month
0 what we are doing to lgbtq is not right we should give them love
1 only black character in the game passive abiity: runs faster under fire
1 the war on drugs is ridiculous  that's just more money we could be using to bomb the fuck out of those muslims!
0 if you hear people from my past speak of me keep in mind they are speaking of a person they don't even know anymore
0 stupid people, she was elected to help not to demise
0 jewish men supporting a politician on views that are important to them
1 rashida tlaib in traditional 'palestinian garb'
0 muslim men :thinking about jannah
0 your purchase of $19.99 comes to $21.36 after theft
1 when you're barbecuing and the charcol runs away
0 loading the dishwasher in the back solid move
0 when you find out your neighbors stole your goats
1 my black boy friend
1 spacky chan
0 you see this pig? it's called muhammad
0 my wife's sister tried to kill me yesterday... what kind of sick bitch puts chloroform on her dirty panties?
0 i need all stolen, funny & offensive memes posted right here.. expeditiously!!!
1 slaves in the south were uneducated false. they all had their masters
0 hello dispatch, white folks are celebrating killing other white folks for land that ain't theirs
0 when the whole squad shows up to the pilgrimage
0 wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating!
1 if you're a gentleman then nothing may disturb you but if you're a hungry sex maniac then there's no dress which can provide security for any women
1 from 16 indictments to nothing! thanks 'white privilege!'
0 "nobody is trying to take your guns!" "we only want to make you register them, restrict transfers, ban certain guns, limit magazine capacity, prohibit carrying them, ban or limit ammo, make other arbitrary laws, and, if we catch you violating any of these made-up rules, throw you in prison.... at which point we will take your guns!"
0 when someone asks to be my friend
0 game of throne team are thinking about building a documentary about hitler
0 you're dating somebody's ex. somebody is dating you're ex your ex is getting somebody's ex. in this life, we are all x-men
0 here to collect my reparations check
0 my shirt is so tight it barely fits
0 dumb and happy
0 nasa employees after stealing the moon be like "boys will be boys"
1 time to kill all muslims
0 i pray to our lord and saviour to bless this melon
0 you mad? yeah, you're mad
0 current mood i'll beat a motherfucker.... with another motherfucker!!!
0 also, my best friend emma says: fuck off forever and ever
1 don't worry we put an exclusion for white males in our anti-hatred resolution
0 look at what i just built with all the sand that fell out of your vagina
1 this goat is so raw muslims are trying to fuck it!!
1 when your debit card decline at the abortion clinic and they have to put the baby back in
1 how to tell if it's your turn to do laundry 1. look down your pants. 2. do you have a penis? 3. then it's not your turn
1 which one will be a single mom? the one on the right
0 old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
0 "you bro ask the c.o. why he ain't pop my door"
0 like if you see the issue. don't give it away can you see it?
0 when a stranger suddenly helps you
0 when the muslim kids in your class start hanging out with you
0 basic white girl in her natural habitat this is what i imagine heaven looks like womenwholovewine wineaisle target whitegirlwasted
0 ah the young they grow up so quickly
0 seriously mate.. what's the fuckin point?
1 diversity is our greatest strength
0 i did the math we cant afford the cat
0 my birthday is close, i am excited
0 tap and say amen! if jesus has blessed you today
1 faceswap ching chong 100
0 love old trucks think everyone should have one
0 you don't have to be lonely at trump haters.com
0 when you step on a lego on your front porch
0 i'm getting too old for fighting and arguing if we have a problem, i'll tell you whats up either we fix it and move on or stop fucking with each other and move on fuck all thatextra shit
0 a group of baboons is called a congress it's all clear to me now
0 best polish removers
0 what part of "i didn't find shit" liberals do you not understand?
1 when you forget you're retarded
1 25% of the women in this country are on medication for mental illness it means 75% are running around untreated!
1 hmm what a nice day to marry my own daughter and behead kafirs
0 you can't run through a camp ground you can only ran, because it's past tents
0 will you tell the cat bullying is not okay?
0 how can this be allowed a free home and benefits? when this man was allowed to die on the streets after serving this country
0 friendship is for everyone
0 baaaa-utiful
0 mexicans hugging and kissing walls and fences, to show their love for border controls
0 actually no, my post wasn't about you but if the shoe fits, feel free to lace that bitch up & wear it
0 when your fridge is full but you don't know what to eat
1 it's a simple grammar question leeroy! "what cames at the end of a sentence?" parole ?
1 i dont always make sandwiches because im not a woman
1 it's not rape it's a cuddle with a struggle
0 turn up for what
1 i got arrested for punching this guy at a new years party. when you hear an arab counting down from ten your instincts kick in
0 when they ask for fire extinguisher and you reply i don't smoke
1 white trash not marriage material
1 muslims: screaming about their religion being attacked christians and jews: -first time?
0 ben was born without eyelids so they circumcised him and used the skin the operation was a success, he's just a little cockeyed!
0 thirsty much ?
0 oh god i did it again
0 the cowboys are the best! i mean the best!
1 my girlfriend went to my family and accused me of beastiality i had no idea goats could even talk
1 if black people aren't lazy then why doesn't kfc have a breakfast menu
0 hi, i'm nate i'm a lesbian in recovery
0 banned guns in 1935 then killed 65 million unarmed people
0 when your goat tells you oh no! she ain't on the pill
0 those primaries got rigged for hillary and then, for no particular reason at all a journalist got himself charged a dnc staffer got himself shot and them democrats started blaming russia... and just like that everyone forgot about the dnc rigging them primaries
1 give me the bread or i'll kick you pregnant transgender
0 trump can't swing it
0 all you motherfuckers love a petty offensive page until that same petty page offends your mother fucking ass
0 you're telling me i can't bring peanut butter to school but you can bring measles??
1 asian drivers test went as expected
0 you thought hillary was in the clear? oh cupcake, have i got a surprise for you!
0 during sex i suddenly stopped and didnt move she: "what are you doing?" me: "hush bitch, i seen this on pornhub, its called buffering
1 breaking news: listening to queen can cause autism because of the high mercury content
0 a boner is like a thumbs up from your balls to whatever you're thinking about
0 middle eastern prostitute
0 your disability is not an obstacle
1 how come every week black police don't kill unarmed white males?
0 baboons and monkeys everywhere this is really a zoo
0 you'd be angry too if you just found out your goat was cheating on you
0 wave hello make someone smile
0 it's called a joke we used to tell them before people became offended by everything.
1 according to women,there are 3 men in this pic
0 how much did that haircut cost
1 fucking a 5 year old fucking five 1 year olds fucking a dead 1 year old for 5 years
1 you'll see both of the pics similar close your eyes 50
0 "if that fuckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
1 nobody at school wants to guard muhammad, he's too explosive
0 show me an american ghetto and i'll show you a place where democrats are in power
1 muslims are varied as anybody else but islam is a destructive ideology
1 "you are allowed to drive?" no, i took a magic carpet ride here
0 beergasm that moment when you take your first sip of beer after a long day
1 dating, let alone marrying a g*rl who is not a virgin literally makes you a cuck, change my mind
1 ohhh i see.. so you found a bitch that does it without the peanut butter
1 everytime a moslem stands up in congress and tells us they will change the constitution, impeach our president, or vote for socialism, remember you said you would never forget they said they would destroy us from within
1 solution to mexicans paying for the wall leave all the illegals hanging around the border
0 how black people became christians
0 european rats in the 15th century i'm about to end man
1 if these females don't stop liking our content i'll kill them
0 don't stare to long you might laugh
0 really? eating pork is gross but marriage to a minor isn't?
0 armed patrols on the streets
1 i know you shouldn't laugh at 9/11 jokes but their just, plane hilarious
1 not going anywhere a while? for sniggers
1 cameraman: i don't understan- psychic kid: trust me this will be really funny someday
1 having a bad day? you could be a siamese twin attached to gay brother who has a date and your the only one with an ass
0 fuck, my mom is gonna kill me fuck, my mom is gonna kill me
0 house of pedophile
1 teacher: who can tell me what are the best flammable materials? jewish kid: me me me teacher: ok, what else
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
0 send me location
0 now that the russia collusion myth is over are you ready for the counter punch?
0 "damn, that ass!" even the horse is like
0 72 dead in syrian chemical attack ha... rookie numbers
0 -inahales deeply- there are some good memes to harvest today
1 leo varadkar stars in.... 'tranny without a fanny' coming soon in dail anal
1 its national hebrew day   go pick up a hot girl
1 yo dawg i heard you liked chinese food so we killed your cat
0 how you gotta treat girls with smart mouths
1 klu klux kar insurance we know it was dark and you just didn't see him
1 when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
0 to see better, aisians sometime switch to fullscreen veiw
0 if you see this you might be in the country
0 have a coke and a smile. regen: always coca cola coke adds life. ma: nevermore coca cola
0 a sheik business man wearing his tradition thawb
0 next time you complain about being hungry just remember it could be worse
0 which one should we butcher first
0 ilhan omar sporting her beautiful purple hijab
0 im really sorry that your not feeling well today but im still gonna need a sandwich
0 do you have any idea how black you were going
1 everyone knows hitting appliances that stop working, sometimes fixes the problem
0 all starting from 1995
0 no i'm on my period no i have diarrea
0 today in the news more 'peaceful terrorists" blowing up shit
0 people who speed why should i slow down?
0 "ammosexual" 'cause big guns compensate for small ones
0 some people aren't your friends they're just scared to be your enemies
0 honey badger don't care
0 when your wife is secretly a dinosaur, and you don't find out before she givs birth to four crossbreed raptors
0 one does not simply become vladimir poot
1 run over by bacon truck on way to suicide mission ''
0 cracking open a sold one with the boys
0 men be like im finally ready to settle down
0 removes polish with chemicals no one bats an eye... starts world war ii commits crimes against the polish
0 black men! think! killing each other is like killing soldiers in your own army
0 bitch please i'm native american
0 yes sir..! that's a cock
0 what stopped a suicidal boy from jumping? the rope
1 goats can't talk why are so few muslim rapes reported?
0 running is one of the best ways to stay fit
0 "if you kill your enemies, they win." justin trudeau share if this is the dumbest comment ever by anyone
1 bert and ernie dress up as goats in an attempt to catfish arab men
0 when your fifth wife eats grass from another guys hand
0 healthcare is a right and the government should pay for it guns are a right, should the government pay pay for them too?
1 i may be blind but at least i'm not black
0 when you got an itch on your back that you can't reach but your white friend got you
0 the terrible actions this all began with of one man doing a terrible job for mankind
0 or we'll kill you stop making fun of our peaceful religion
1 holocaust makes me sad!
0 when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
0 it's called fuck off and it's located over there
1 when your boy starts suckin her cock anyways when you accidently pick up a tranny hooker
0 knowing white people he's probably the father
0 islam is the religion of peace peace over here peace over there
1 when a white kid shoots up the school the same day you planned to bomb it
1 what's the difference between boy scouts and jews? boy scouts come back from their camps
0 he can be his new boy firend
0 like if you agree defending the border is not a political option. it is a constitutional obligation
0 a fire cracker
0 bull shit, the evolved form of nonsense
0 if i get compared to michelle obama one more time, i'm gonna lose it!!!
0 they fear us waking up from the bull shit, and taking back what was stolen from us
0 gays hanging out in the muslim world
0 so cohen has a history of intentional dishonesty from lying to congress, lying to the irs, lying about his wife's 's birth. lying to banks and he even took millions as an insider consultant without informing trump but dems trust his testimony to be truthful. lol!
0 they want this not beause they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
1 things white people do mass shootings smoke meth fuck their family members suck at sports steal from blacks fuck animals lie about being racist
1 i bit a muslim i had to lick my ass for an hour to get rid of the taste
0 fifty shades of goat an isis love story
0 i'm looking for the democrat restroom
1 "palestines are not human beings, they don't deserve to live and they are nothing but animals."
0 i'm not a racist
0 that look when your father sells you for a goat
0 rohingya women protest on the rohingya crisis anniversary
0 i was going to make an anal sex joke butt fuck it
0 '' wing wing wing ''
1 yes man, you were right... i could have killed all the jews, but i left some of them to let you know why i was killing them
1 when all the porn sites are down so you search for a holocaust documentary improvise. adapt. overcome
1 it's not a hijab  it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
0 now i'm gonna use two fingers
0 vote for the candidate who wants to kiss babies not kill them
1 now at home depot check out the new kenyan fly strip
0 women can wear what they want you dont have the right to ban the burka its basic democracy
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
1 manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
1 its not right to judge someone by the color of their skin. they might just be tan
0 hey bro close your eyes bro yes bro? ok bro o yeah abdul go deeper
0 look son an idiot
0 last summer it was very hot
1 moslems kill hundreds of innocents on a weekly basis and no one bats an eye one aussie goes sick and everyone loses their fucking minds
1 these wind chimes dont make a sound i guess i should have known the black ones wouldn't work
0 stupid i am here i love you darling
0 post this on your timeline just to piss off your trump supporter friends
0 and that was the last time we let jr feed himself
1 now back to the married islamic classic.. to children
0 it's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
1 i'm a firm believer in the seperation of islam and the planet
0 when leadership says it's not mandatory but it's "highly encouraged"!!!
1 when you're given an n-word pass but you can't help but still be super white howdy-ho negroes
0 i just sharted ... my protein shake
0 when you messed up your shave again
1 why do black people smell bad? so blind people can hate them too
1 germany builds the first jet but couldn't make a steel door for a gas chamber expose the lie
0 democrats this is what they look like
1 when the black kid is roasting the white kid and he has a gun in his backpack you think i would lose to a monkey
0 hello! may i please speak with jesus? cause these folks gonna make me break at least 4 of the ten commandments
0 dementia or just another lying democrat it's hard to tell one from the other
0 and in this corner, weighing in at 140 lbs
1 white people after 10 shots black people after 10 shots
0 when you do a fat rail but you still feel down
0 bills comin for ya on friday like
1 "islam is love!" ariana grande yeah. if you're a goat "
1 obama voters
0 i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
0 did somebody say hump day
0 same
0 help the starving children of the world!
0 truth be told the real reason for racism
1 tell me about american history? fuck i know about american history? i thought we wiped all those people out? i'm a european born in america
0 life is hard, it's harder when you're stupid
1 do gay midgets come out of the cabinet?
1 when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
0 the military finally sent this man back to his family
0 i'm not saying that i hate donald trump but i'd unplug his life support to charge my cellphone
0 on a scalefrom 1 to 10 how much do you like kissing
0 cheering on your team in the world cup
1 feminist literature? you mean cookbooks?
0 when karen helps u camouflage the crackhouse
1 when the mexican lady at taco bell messes up your order
0 cheers to all my haters! be patient. so much more is coming
0 the new democratic flag
1 romanians when they see a slightly open purse/pocket/window
0 what did you say? i didn't quite catch that
0 lol she thinks she's a goat
0 mark zuckerberg's wife, priscilla chan is a man
1 how you guys think they look like but when pados wale pandit sees you
0 your rights end where my feelings begin
0 when the beat drops in the synagogue
0 not only is donald trump my president..... but he's also barack obama and hillary clinton's president! don't you love it! :d
0 do you think when fish get thrown back by fishermen, they swim around yelling about alien abductions and the other fish stop talking to them?
1 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
0 when you and your homie load each other's dishwashers
1 instructor: ...and this is how you take off me: ok cool, but how do i land? instructor: good question
1 listen up cupcake we are losing our country to goat humpers!
0 instructions on how to come for me 1. dont
0 mlk giving a powerful speech
1 motor neurone awards 2018 winner- best t-rex impression
0 i don't know how people wear these everyday feels like this to me
0 the smile you make democrat privilege: i got away with it when the race card buys your freedom
1 how do you kill 100 flies? smack an african kid in the face
0 this thread needs more bacon
1 the best game of all time farming simulator 1848
0 a girl asks her mom, "why am i black and you're white?" she says, "the way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark. "
1 when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you're outta milk
0 openly states that america and americans are both "immoral" boinked her own brother
0 the "i'm not black but my kids will be" face
1 holy fuck 50 muslims on one credit
0 the ku klux klan killed 3446 blacks in a span of 86 years since 2016 blacks killed 1891 other blacks in chicago alone
1 hi, i'm nate i'm a lesbian in recovery
0 excitement across the capital
0 when you go see your family because of the barbecue
0 "if a dishwasher wore pants, would it wear them like this or like this"
0 just because you have a beard, it doesn't mean you're a man. last time i checked vaginas can grow hair too
0 real
1 white people in chicago at 2am
0 you're a special kinda nuts aren't you?
0 this is how a snake's mouth looks from the inside, i think everything is clear now
0 exercise ? thought you said extra fries
1 i think it's funny to haggle over price with hookers when you're just going to kill them anyway
0 hey lets go see if that kid wants to run around with us great idea
0 what's better than winning a gold medal in this contest walking
0 hey look at me! i'm a serial pedofile
0 if you think tide pods are good try the cotton candy in the attic
1 picked up 2 new pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner winner chicken dinner
1 there is no hindu terrorism in india. what if i say it isn't true? will shoot you dead
0 release your tax returns i emailed it to you
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 when a dog' s been bad when a cat's been bad
1 i like my coffee like i like my slaves extra dark
0 when the lot lizard says she'll do anything for 10$
0 if you think ms-13 gang members are human, but 20-week old fetuses aren't you might be a democrat
1 black people anything that doesn't belong to them
0 nothings impossible
0 i'm going to choke her with nuts bitches love choking on nuts
0 the look you have on monday morning
1 this shit is why i bake people
1 when the villagers ask why all the 9 year old girls are walking funny
0 superman's flying class was popular, but no one ever passed
0 the secret to a good marriage is having sex at least 3 times a week. and at least once with your wife
0 this one time at camp someone had too much gas
1 found a picture of your mother's womb
1 dad?!? the dishwasher and the sandwichmaker are on the fritz again
0 this one's called dirty deeds done with sheep
1 arrest white babies before they become land stealing, inbreeding, child molesting, dog raping, serial killing, racist white supremacist terrorist thugs
0 want to party? yeah i'm down
0 14 million kids living in poverty in america but democrats fight for illegals
1 woof woof it rooks dericious
1 muslim in congress 2019 muslims in 2001
1 i love black people, think everyone should have one
0 rice krispies are the bomb
0 how my friends play strategy games how i play strategy games do really look like a guy with plan
1 it's super rare to find a kitchen that has four ovens and three dishwashers
0 some pussy gave me flowers weird, i just wanna get railed by a scummy biker
1 15 years in prison??? that means my next girlfriend hasn't even been born yet!
1 islam is the religion of peace piece of you over here, piece of you over there
0 april 15th is coming... bitches better have my money... memegenerator.ne bitches better have my money.
0 the most racist people are the ones crying"racist" all the time!
0  my life goal? make somebody this fucking triggered
1 what's burning? '' '' ''
0 time to get rotissified
1 greetings white person time to die
0 musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress she's 's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma" to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
0 muller report, russia, democrats
0 i will not let america turn into another nation of islam !!!!!!
0 i'm so patriotic, i piss red, white, and blue. my doctor said it may be pancreatic cancer. i told him to shut his commie mouth
1 why can't the jews just let us slaughter them? nakba!
1 muslim "logic": pork is unclean. but... drink camel urine, since it is "medicine" according to mohammed., "who was perfect"
1 life has its ups and i have downs
0 i ain't got time for this. i'm too grown
1 she's to young when you have to make the airplane noise to get your cock in her mouth
0 53% of white women voted for trump 53% of white women should look like this
1 when you're the only dog left at the dog shelter and the black family wants to adopt you
0 starving mexican monkey eating peanuts
1 i told my gay friend i can turn fruits in to vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
1 you are not wanted! you are a mental deficient!
0 when you think its friday and its only tuesday
0 what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase.. a branch manager
0 welcome, we are a muslim brotherhood
1 49 people were killed at christchurch muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
1 50 jews walk into a train, what do you call them? fuel
0 when the squad is about to get lit.
1 if two gay black men get married and adopt a baby which father is supposed to abandon the family
0 muhammed... get the roof
1 after sex selfies usa croatia germany
0 this is what we will evolve into if we don't start watching what we eat
0 brace yourselves 420 is coming
0 since u like reportin pix report deez nutz
1 when you're peeking on that 10\10 chick and about to nut but the school shooter pats you on the back and politely tells you to leave his corpses alone
0 everyday i understand the phrase "i'm getting too old for this shit" on an even deeper level
0 you snooze... you lose!
1 a new target for entry level police academy
0 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 i could have tranquilized that gorilla and i could have grabbed that kid what kid?
0 indian fans in real life indian fans on facebook
1 playboy offered her a million dollars to pose nude nat geo offered her the same
1 liberals: "japan has gun control without issues, what makes you think it can't work here in the usa?" me: (whispering) black people
1 to all you liberal "women" in favor of islam this young lady is being sold into sexual slavery as child bride
0 government? should austrailia start helping out the black communist murdered and killed by who are being brutally white south africans
0 last one there is a rotten fish
0 i put the ape in rape
0 digging up something to do is hard guess necrophilia isn't for everyone
0 if they were really fighting for our freedom this is what it would look like
0 great minds think alike
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
1 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it. i can't
1 first off i am hebrew! not a damn muslim get it right
0 people and dogs ... friendships that last
0 shitters clogged
1 greetings tranny time to die
1 me. saving refugees "nice try"
0 converted to muslim ? why would you think that
1 how do you kill 1000 flies with one hit? punch a somali in the face
0 when someone calls you by your gaming name in public
0 you don't always have to be so manly
0 when you remember you have leftovers in the fride when you realize someone ate it before you got home
0 hockey would be fun they said
0 when you have 3 choco puffs left in your cereal bowl
0 when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
1 girl during sex: make me your slave me: muslim
1 average iq #france has fallen by 4 points per decade due to "biological causes"
0 i see dickheads everywhere they don't even know they're dickheads
0 maybe if we overpaid teachers and underpaid rappers, there'd be smarter kids and less shitty music! yeayah
1 if your man dresses like this there no doubt he's gay
0 what's big, yellow and can't swim? a bus full of children
0 on my way to daycare got me like
1 i will never be assassinated because all the crazy white trash people with guns are my biggest fans!
0 when you can be confident and love yourself no matter your skin condition
0 will you hurry up and u chocolatey little fucking starvi
1 mussie guy tried to rape me he didn't make it to court
1 if you think the crakkka of today is different from the crakka 500 years ago, you're a damn fool
0 white people is this a shooting range
0 shout out to my nsa agent giving my memes 1 view even before i submit them
0 the school shootings will continue until we take your gun rights away
0 a boy and his pet goat
1 my sense of humor is so dark it picks this
1 who is michael lavaughn robinson? michelle obama? the tranny revealed
0 trump is engaged in a cover-up hes guilty of obstructing our attempt to frame him
0 hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's mein number so call me maybe
1 what in the cousin humpin, skoal spittin, busch light drinkin, winston smokin, restraining order havin, mullet rockin, trailer park treasure is this!?
1 bert looks down in horror, as he hears cookie monster and ernie start to masturbate to the autism documentary they are watching
1 i like my coffe like i like my slaves extra dark
1 discriminate and say no to promotion of homosexual and lgbt ways of life to our children
1 the name's todd... retodd
0 when you're at your batchelor party and you realize that all the money in the stripper's g-string has your grandma's picture on it
1 seriously mate... what's the fuckin point?
1 i don't wanna get married! bitch, please! i've got to go blow myself up tomorrow! islam - none of it makes sense
0 weeeeeee! back over the border you go!
0 guess whose house wasn't raided by the fbi?
0 how to make a colorado fruit smoothie
0 help the poor children in africa
1 pet niguana for sale!! come with food dish, a few toys, and a screen lid so it can't get out $300 obo
0 it's not because you're muslim anti-semitic anti-america
0 time for liberals.. ...to start crying again
0 god loves you all
1 israel is not at war they don't fight soldiers they kill innocent men women and children from a distance
0 someone stole my identity.. look, someone stole my identity maybe they will make something out of my life
0 extra thicc
0 man caught having sex with a feminist at the beach
0 when you and ya classmate are hiding from the school shooter, but you wanna die so you sneeze to get his attention hehehehehe my bad guys
0 i know thats really roger from american dad but imma chill
1 maybe if you worked a bit we wouldn't have inequality
1 when my autistic son finds out we're having chicken for dinner
0 ...and there goes another hater
0 if this offends you might be lack you toes intolerant
0 gun safety is especially important when teaching a shooting class
1 have you ever studied the history of the jews? did you know that they have always banded together as a tribe, infiltrated governments, monopolized the financial systems of nations instigated wars and intentionally created chaos in societies? the jews have mass murdered millions of non- jews over the centuries theyve seized control of the media so you'll never find out study the history of the jews!
0 the look your dad gives your when you dont make curfew
0 banned for life from twitter for criticizing a movie. used twitter to promote a hoax hate crime, risking an entire race war. still on twitter
1 muslim porn star
0 educate our kids about domestic violence
1 weeeeeee! back over the border you go!
0 kids today vs when i was a kid
0 but i'm israeli god promised me the car!
0 radical shiite cleric taking aim
1 trump's transgender military ban is the best thing ever share if you agree
0 it's a boy
0 hooded female anti-semite democrat early 20th century hooded female anti-semite democrat early 21st century
1 just got a bootleg copy of muslim porn deep goat
0 sour candy will have you like 
1 white people scared to sit next to a muslim on a plane but then do shit like this
1 when i grow up. lol nevermind
0 redneck word of the day: "obama" i bought a me case of beer and drank it obama self
1 how white men look at you after they've already called the cops
1 ana frank at 14 years old ana frank at 15 years old
0 farrakhan speech at united center in chicago breaking news nation of islam members listen to minister louis
1 i think i've got a gas leak, i woke up this morning feeling all light headed and dizzy, so just to be on the safe side, i asked the neighbours if they could come suss it out for me, i figureed they'd know, being jewish and all.
0 when you fall face first in the mud
1 if you support this you're supporting the genocide of black men
1 hey bro close your eyes bro yes bro? ok bro go deeper o yeah abdul
0 the stocks were a public torture device that immobilized the feet of the punished person
0 lifetime presents: surviving life
1 hating the jews is a great honor for me and it makes me walk with my head high
1 trump: muslims should wear special id badges great idea
0 you want a fight? put your head up my ass and fight for air. whatsup!
1 mom won't let me use the oven with my jewish friends
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper, for peoples with shit for brains
0 the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
0 i don't think my porn finished downloading
0 ever notice christians are horrible drivers
0 never again
0 3 jewish prisoners after being liberated by the ussr auschwitz 1945 colorized
1 i have a dream thats me with the belt
1 when the autistic black kid start giving the n-word pass to everyone this will be the end of wakanda
0 travel size coffee maker
1 jews and americans will ruin the world
0 just say yes to socialism jim carrey "dumb and dumber" was a movie... ...not a lifestyle
0 lgbt support @liquorgunsbaconandtits
0 friend : your phone is very slow, you should buy a new one me: as long as it plays music and porn it's nasa to me
0 this is how harvey price has grown over the years
0 bring me another smurf
1 *playing an old piano i found* the other jews in the attic:
1 i like my korean women the way i like my microwaves hot, clean and will kill any baby i put inside of it
0 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 when someone is talkin to you and you gotta shit
1 gays on their way home after pride week
1 girl muslim " is this a punching bag"?
0 where's jaws when you need him
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 according to women, there are 3 men in this pic
0 see? i fuckin told you! little foil on top keeps them jewsy
1 people who aren't retarded muslims hating jews
0 what if i told you dahyun is the best girl
0 don't understand your specific kind of stupid but i do admire your total commitment to it
0 loves me some boneless jungle ham
1 do you know how to use an oven! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you!
0 anymore pictures ? im kiddin let me pose
0 my wife asked me if i thought her friend was pretty... apparently, "i'd lick her her asshole" is the wrong answer!
0 i just squirted tranny fluid
1 when black is your favorite color
1 being republican is as easy as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors
0 when you get to choose your own mental illness
0 you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons. let's see how you all come out!!!
1 when the special needs girl with big tits is left unattended
0 when you get paid when you check your bank account after paying bills
0 when they laugh at your 9cm but you haven't even reached puberty yet
0 whatever we once were we are still one nation
0 if you think we need protection from these people... but not these people, you're a special kind of stupid
0 religion of peace? before every one understands that slam is the i mean, how many more times they have to do this i can kind of understand why muslims get so frustrated
0 sexbomb sexbomb you are my sexbomb
1 "muh dick" indicates a nigger's confusion and lack of understanding
0 making mashed potatoes
0 when you've had a rough day but you're trying to stay positive "it's great. i'm great. everything's just great."
1 sea monkeys
1 my sister died in a car accident she died reading a text i sent to her hit a tree if you hate niggers this is the text hit a tree if you hate niggers
1 rip harambe black lives matter
1 hands up all racists who support white genocide
1 there was a 4 car pile-up in mexico today 93 people died
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 yup says so right here you got me fucked up
1 ain't no allah back girl
0 my eyes are always bloodshot after sex i think it's from the pepper spray
0 here's to the mothers who raised normal kids and to the select few who raised us awesome fuckers
0 flat earth is based on christianity and christianity is a jewish death cult think about it
0 love black people think everyone should have one
1 come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with pussy
1 turn down for what
0 up his sleevies where did hitler where? keep his armies?
1 bitch, please! i don't i've got to go wanna get blow myself up tomorrow! married! islam - none of it makes sense
0 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
0 obama voters
1 throws people into gas chambers evil throws people into eternal pits of fire good
0 hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, this is my grenade so blow me, maybe?
0 an expensive gas bill? i did nazi that coming
0 warning smoking kills
0 mein feelings have been hurt
0 let's gather everyone for family photo, where are my daughters?
0 even i can see you're a cunt
0 sea monkeys
0 if he's marrying me then why's he fucking a goat
1 i guess pushing gay people off buildings and killing women these people that push gays off buildings. is funny to her? she is disgusting!
0 just think of this as the day the bad music died
0 no one: white people when you nod at them:
0 fuck banks and all their fees
0 we had a minor gas leak
0 what's wrong? why are you mad? oh you don't have any more food? that sucks
0 how dare people make fun of our peaceful religion
0 we are returning to work after the photo
0 starts nazi party ... and wages war on other cultures
0 when the dope man tells you you're onna have to earn a front but i poop from there.
0 all races are equal
0 hahahaha this sucks, man
0 texas churches be like... praise the lord!
0 you can tell the gender of an ant by throwing it in water if it sinks= girl ant...if it floats= buoyant
1 arnold shootzanigger
0 obedience for those that dont like smiling probably due to their constant painful hip they all seem to grasp
0 enriching the mind and body while also enriching our hearts
0 i swear harvey's been chasing the same fly for the last 13 years
1 every man needs a decent coffee maker
1 fuckin' slaves
1 when you can't afford a new dishwasher so you hit the rusty one and make it work
1 you're never lonely at farmersownme
0 you know you're getting older when you walk by 3 priests and don't even get a look
0 chinese people be like happy thanksgiving
0 adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
1 fucking queers
0 we have 3 apples. we give away 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
1 so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keef us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
0 it's almost the weekend!
1 what would i do if she got pregnant
0 let them pursue their happiness
1 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security! muslims in 2001
1 why don't i get sunburnt? because prisons are indoors
1 say it again jerry i shoot ilegals
1 and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!! yep.........and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother!
0 interviewer: can you demonstrate your problem solving abilities ? me:
0 nazi fitness camp before and after body transformation within hours
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
1 suspect is a gender fluid, non on-gender specific clothing, assigned male at birth but identifies as a wearing mountain panda born caucasian
0 new zealand edition call of duty
0 only in america could these people consider themselves the "master race"
1 if they raise theirs and destroy our flag are they really people we want here ??
1 this one time at camp we got so baked
0 when your heading out to a convention with buddies and you get misdirected
1 moutain goats hide when they hear allah akbar because they here the goat fuckers are coming
0 im gonna be a woman
0 i'm relaxed now minding my own business
0 when you're caught staring at a goat and your wife gives you that face
1 say allahu akbar again... ...go ahead...say it!
0 when you only workout using body weight
0 you fucking liar that blowjob did nothing for my sore throat
1 the greatest gift of life is friendship and jews stole it and have removed it from me
1 when japan thinks you're gonna invade their mainland
0 oh look someone's returning a broken sandwich maker to walmart
0 mom? i'm pregnant!!
0 when your dishwasher is ready for another load
1 where is the black guy?
0 smile even in the worst of times
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 when i finally find out who is responsible for my low gpa oh you gotta be shitting me
0 rep omar accuses trump of being 'bigoted' toward lgbt... do you agree with her, or is she out of her mind?
0 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
1 alabama: bans abortion. all of alabama in 5 years
1 when you take your dishwasher to the restaurant, but it starts talking
1 white parent black parent
1 literally nobody: white people sitting at the bar: can you put it on the golf channel??
0 slaves got whipped back in the day
0 a kind women giving a starving child some water
1 *reacts in shea butter twitter*
0 clown bait at its finest "trumps economy is so bad that truck drivers have to buy their own trucks" stacey abrams "democrat response"
1 what's a word that begins with n, ends in r and you never want to call a black person? a neighbour
0 "we should make it harder for criminals to get guns..." "...if even to prevent one tragedy" but let's not make it harder for perverts to use the ladies room... ...if even to prevent rape? one
0 runway fashion has become much more inclusive and way more creative!
0 i'm not a criminal i'm an undocumented felon
1 when you forget the bomb codes
1 would you rather have a gay son or thug son
0 enjoying a warm cup on a cold day
0 randomly deciding to bake something
1 when i have an orgasm it's tranny fluid
0 nothing comes between the bond of a rider and their horse
0 you've heard of elf on a shelf, now get ready for
0 eatin with the crew
0 he can be his new boy firend
0 i hate snow its white and on my land
1 i may not be a smart man ilhan but i know what a jew-hating islamist sounds like
0 when you beat the red light
0 when you find your best goat mating with the neighborhood runt
0 "she said "i want a ring" i said "bitch take your phone off silent! "
0 the aftermath of a van catching on fire
0 if yall daughters dancing like this.. they cant play with mines
0 if you hold it up to your ear you can hear police
0 life is like a box of chocolates you never know what you're gonna get
0 when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
1 these people have to walk 20 miles a day for fresh water then why don't they move closer to the fucking water??
0 just another year and another wrinkle on the ole' nutsack. happy birthday
0 you think that hoe thinks you're special lol she says that to us too!
1 i got new shoes brother died from ebola
0 yes donald. that sounds good . i once built a wall too
1 i don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
1 me trying to tell my her not giving a shit liberal friend how because all men are much i love and trash appreciate her
0 those who die in blue, are remembered forever
0 in england they drive on the left in canada we drive on what's left
0 cinco de mayo isnt even celebrated by most mexicans it's just an excuse for white americans to get drunk
0 i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
0 sex is all fun and games until someone has to sleep in the wet spot
0 and this is where i keep my genetics
1 anne franks nudes exposed
0 think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that
0 that's the way allah allah i like it
0 when a girl squirts for the first time her:omg i'm so sorry is that pee? did i just pee on you?! omg! him:
0 wayment...way' one gotdamn minute ...'the fuckis dis shit.
0 over 50 south africans lost their lives after police opened fire during a protest
1 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut but here i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that i can change it to a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
1 bert and ernie dress up as goats in an attempt to catfish arab men
1 hey mom the goats asshole is inside out. what do?
0 the cashier seemed to appreciate that i bagged my own groceries until i unpacked them all and said, "that's how i want you to do it."
0 look son...another terror attack by peaceful bears!
1 i asked him to see things from my point of view he looked out the kitchen window
0 i hope one day people will understand that english is a language. not a measure of intelligence
0 saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys
0 the secret to a successful marriage is to keep his stomach full and his balls empty
1 fact: girls are very good at hockey because it's the only sport you can compare with
0 happy birthday its like your very own christmas!
0 how come you want me to remember what's important to you but tell me to get over what's important to me ?
0 in my day you were either pro america or you were a commie you can call yourself liberal, progressive or socialist but you're really nothing more than a commie pinko john wayne was never in the military
0 remember no matter how much you cry like a little bitch, trump will still be your president
1 when somebody shootin up the school & you tell the special ed kids to run at him as a distraction
0 i am tortured by the futility of my own genius
1 asians be like switching to fullscreen mode
0 mr. president, epstein is still alive
0 don't think we forgot
0 chimps asking for food
1 worst pijama party ever
1 they kill gays, and women who go out in public without a male relative and are supported by democrats and liberals
1 you think your day was bad? these two didn't get accepted to the same college
0 when you're walking home and come across a naked corpse i shouldn't
0 yes, we know trump said "mexico will pay for the wall" but now mexicans are the wall. that boy good!!!!
0 i promise i promise. i promise. i deliver
0 shut up you meathead
0 can't snort coke through a rolled-up bitcoin
0 "the road to give a fuck.... is that way!" "
0 this dude wants to use the same restroom as your daughter liberals call you a bigot if you object
0 problem solutions
1 i'm responisble for the deaths of over 50 million people! so another dozen or so won't hurt! *click!
0 when they laugh about your 9cm in the change room but they haven't seen you're 9 mm yet
1 when you're caught staring at a goat and your wife gives you that face
1 i just got out of church.. just kidding, i'm not that fucking retarded.
1 black boyfriend white boyfriend
0 let me be clear.... if i had a son, he would look like harambe
0 how my friends introduce me she's our friend and she's crazy!
0 number 1 side effect of steroids acting like a douchebag
1 trumpanzees when are you low skilled, white trash motherfuckers gonna get busy doing all the jobs mexicans used to do? we're waiting
0 i'll never forget the time.. your grandad put me on his shoulders so i could show my tits to slayer
0 positivity is a mind set
0 talking about animal rights is fun
0 immigrant problem problem fixed
1 kill the jews and muslims for being anti-white
1 ever notice christians are horrible drivers?
0 i'm sorry i made the chewbacca sound but maybe if you shaved next time.....
1 patriarchy: while the men had fun dying... the females were oppressed.. ..inside "comfortable concentration camps" called homes
1 you know your country is multicultural when there's armed patrols on the streets belgium germany france england
0 hiroshima 1945 2016 detroit 1945 2016 moral of the story.. it's easier to come back from a nuclear bomb than 5 decades of big gover government policies
1 black people anthing that doesn't belong to them
0 ilhan omar told several republicans that they should try shawarma, a delicious middle eastern dish from her culture
0 i may be blind but at least i'm not dead
0 me to me: "he's cute! just don't come on too strong!" also me:
1 he went to jihad's
1 the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or he kill follow my allah or i kill you! you moderate muslim radical muslim
0 when you're the gay friend and also the meme lord
0 "i don't think all of the suffering of african-americans during the period of slavery can ever equate to what's been done to white conservative americans in the past 8 years of obama's presidency" michelle bachman yes, she really said this! conservatives are destroying our future | cadof.org "
1 the name's todd... retodd
0 i'm what the new working man looks like'
0 that awkward moment when there's no candy in the back
1 oh boy i can't wait to go out and pray for allah on friday, march 15th 2019 12:30pm gmt at new zealand christchurch hello brother
0 any girls a squirter if you sever an artery
1 lets see if this is considered dark honey,you killed a butterfly. no butter for you for a month dad i also killed a cockroach today. nice try..
0 y'all wanna see a stupid post
1 i heard you need a new tranny?
1 best thing about an ethiopian blowjob?...  you know shes gonna swallow!!! well it's true
0 why are there so many female archeologist? because bitches love digging up the past
1 if a muslim beats his wife, is it domestic violence, or child abuse
0 sure i shit talk the people i like but i shoot the people i don't like so that has to count for something right?
0 @ unhumanrights
1 how mexicans be like.. when they hear their friends kid is having a birthday party
1 hurry up and hide your valuables
1 yeah okay nigger
0 how i see kim burell everytime she grabs a mic
0 i killed someone then i found out they were annoying
0 my local mosque is really going all out for gay pride this year
1 sorry, i only grope women
0 america doesn't need a gun ban it needs an idiot ban
0 my husband does everything i ask but i have to ask
1 yesterday i told my wife her soup tasted like crap today it is much better
1 great punching bag
0 similar to sharks because all the great ones are white
0 i don't always listen to the 80's.... but when i do, so do the neighbors
0 yes, ilhan omar is anti-semitic and anti-american but she is on our side
0 obama family photo
1 i've told my neighbor to keep thier pug out of my yard 3 times already
0 when you're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre-schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
0 when the new call of duty comes out and you're already camping
0 sells you idea of heaven custom builds armored vehicle to avoid heaven as long as possible
0 if you're protesting against this man visiting the uk... ...but protesting for this woman to return to the uk... ...then you're practicing your freedom of speech
0 trump says he doesn't like suppressors. well.....he's a democrat so..
0 what a true rapist looks like
1 when you go out to fight for independence but forgot to lock up the slaves
1 if a nigga did this he would've got the death penalty
0 islamic state soldiers celebrating we should kill them all
0 porch monkey 4 life
0 ford wants to make sure you make it home, so now included on all new mustangs, tool box holders!
1 kylie's pregnant i'm gonna be a tranpa !
0 welcome to feminism where everything is sexist and nobody understands but them
1 when you're so racist you won't even hire white guys to commit fake white hate crimes against yourself!
0 never forget
0 fuck, my mom is gonna kill me fuck, my mom is gonna kill me
0 whatever this is... it's an auburn fan
0 if you're happy and you know it go to hell
1 this nigar behind me ain't in compliance
1 thanks trump for my new job making america white again
0 if evolution is true then why are there still monkeys? if the internet puts the totality of human knowledge at your fingertips, then why are there still idiots?
0 america in reality don't let the media divide us!
1 they have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one!
0 rabbits jump and they live for 8 years dogs walk and they live for 15 years. turtles do nothing and they live for 150 years. lesson learned
0 donald, you are not welcome on my show sir, i do not want to be on your show
0 happy birthday you sexy beast
1 i bet they make squeaky toy sounds when they fuck
1 hello, maria? yes your uber has arrived
0 family are gathered in the kitchen the mum is watching her son interact with his sister
0 mental health is important
0 i haven't been this excited about a friday since last friday
0 man dresses up to celebrate the chinese new year of the pig
0 what is the difference between old milwaukee and a clitoris a clitoris only tastes like piss for a second
0 happy kids
0 poster for the new play
1 the granny and the tranny clinton/obama 2020 democrat's secret weapon for 2020
1 when you are on a cruise and you give the monkeys to much liqour
1 what it looks like when cancer gets aids
1 define nowfag i want it now!
0 let me be clear.. uh.
0 gallows "pure evil" "traitors" "nobody escapes this. nobody"  "america for sale" "down she goes" "these people are sick" "bring back the gallows!" she never thought she would lose. until she did
0 this one time at camp we got so baked
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
0 when she finally has your own month
1 i don't always get called a homophobe but when i do the people saying it always look like retards
1 oh boy i cant wait to visit notre dame cathedral on april 15th 2019 fuck the french fuck the french bunch of gay cuckholds
0 look son a fucking idiot
1 transwoman yelling at me about the meme i made me wondering what this dude's problem is
1 what i'm really thinking when i like all your pictures
0 if you want something get off your ass and earn it
0 .... if only it gave you legs
0 so they rigged the elections, gave hillary the debate answers had dead people vote, tapped trumps phones, and they still lost!
0 closing time one last call for green cards you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
1 i was gonna make a muslim joke but they always blow up in your face gotta be careful
0 driver: "what am i supposed to do with this speeding ticket?" .co " officer: "keep it, when you collect four of them, you get a bicycle."
0 my favorite vegetable is me!
0 fresh out of bradford bomb jovi
0 hello brother wait is that a shotgun?
1 long time no see nigger
1 when the muslim pulls out a bomb from his bag it's so fucking big
0 i asked him to see things from my point of view he looked out the kitchen window
0 literally just a photo of the 1924 democratic convention
0 having a terrible day please post your most offensive joke in the comments i feel like sulking, but also laughing
0 it's time for america to flush this turd
1 not american royalty just plain old white trash
0 you're asking people for 5 cents a day? but you had money to fly here and make a commercial?
0 this is the result of letting muslims in
0 terrorist attacks innocent people with guns leaders want innocent people to give up their guns and become even more defenseless.
0 you cant post that
0 sharks don't attack him why? they think it's whale shit
0 mariachis make the party 10x better
0 what men want
0 siri take me home starting route to gym
0 they should not be allowed to have kids you made your choice bitch, now live with it!
1 dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, but i find it completely justified
1 face down. ass up. that's the way we like allah
0 when you feel the music in your soul and have to belt it out for the world to hear
0 my kids will never know that awful feeling of realizing there's no vhs tape behind the box at the video store
0 congratulations it's a boy
0 with faith and willpower you can overcome all obsticales
0 who you gonna call? ghostbusters
0 when you have a screaming contest at the protest
0 glad of growing up with this not this
0 you're telling me i can't pick my bed time? what kind of household is this?!
1 when the squad is about to get lit.
0 white trash nation
1 this country was made by real men not cowardly ass muslim bitches
0 i hate snow its cold
0 sorry i'm late. having car trouble
1 isis glory hole
1 for the last time.. i'm not michelle obama
0 laundry day
1 in other contries in porkistan
0 would you help give a push if you were ask
1 open you hand tyrone, i know you stole it
1 if black lives really mattered.. they'd stop shooting eat other!
0 speaking to the house
1 i will not let america turn into another nation of islam !!!!!!
0 feeling bored, let's go to a mosque
1 if a man remembers the color of your eyes after a first date you have small boobs
0 we had a major crisis
0 i too was once a male trapped in a female's body but then i was born
0 if this makes you a citizen does this make him family?
1 i saw her standing there and i told her she had three beautifull children. she did't have to get all pissed off and threaten me. it was an honest mistake
0 happy anniversary to that time you headbutted your way out of a vagina
0 give it back tyrone... i know you took it
1 see the difference? negro real jews european fake jews
0 1/1024th native american 1024/1024th your president
1 do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
0 you call me a goat fucker that is racist
0 when you lose your first boxing match
0 ask that dumb ass question again and i'll head out
0 you see an innocent child i see the perpetuation of systematig oppression
0 goes on tinder instead of match.com
0 how high are you no officer, its "hi, how are you"?
1 now i know why bitches raise their one leg up!
0 le 40% suicide rate has arrived
0 michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
0 hey, i just met you, and this is crazy i forgot the condom, so anal maybe?
0 when she says "don't cum in me" but but you know she'll make a great single mother
0 about to explode l with pride now that his daughter can go to school
1 history teacher: 6 million jews died during wwii me:
0 every modern rap album cover
1 i'm gonna be honest i don't much care for the chinese
0 please send us your thoughts and prayers
1 if it has tires or tits you're gonna have problems with it
1 i'm at the camp and i still can't concentrate
0 i said "a glass of juice".
1 who needs a human interaction when you've got a loyal animal companion
1 watch out i'll put a bomb in your car
0 if you're protesting against this man visiting the uk. ...but protesting for this woman to return to the uk.. ...then you're a special kind of stupid
1 me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
1 socialists want to disarm us and make us use trains no thanks, i've seen where that leads, i'll keep my car
1 jesus christ may have 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. but adolf hitler made 6 million jews toast
0 this moment changed the world
0 dad, i've had too much to drink again
1 that's black people for ya what did you expect
0 when you see your girl with another man
0 "you wouldn't stop me if i was a polar bear."
1 we'll kill you over some trivial shit then fucking mock your dying words
0 when it's your first day in prison and you accidentally drop the soap but it lowkey wasn't an accident this is when the fun begins
0 over 5,000 years of eating bread and in less than a decade everyone is allergic to gluten
0 9's on the stock bottom no your ls cant do that! wait, im ls swapped..
0 yes, this is she
1 designed for maximum concentration
0 who burnt that popcorn ?
1 bruce was limber, bruce was quick. but bruce went liberal and lost his dick
0 scientist: ...my invention can create matter in all three forms. gas, liquid, and solid my asshole: you know, i'm something of a scientist myself
1 911 three white kids in the park planning the next school shooting two can play that game
1 goofy fuckin black people
0 you're not wrong you're just an asshole
0 when you tease your husband in public
0 way over there is where you go with that bullshit
0 what if i told you it's racist to assume white people are racist
0 when you stoned your 3rd wife yesterday and you're lonely ankle compilaion
1 when muslim nibbas see a extra ticc goat in the neighborhood
1 march against muslims 6 million dogs in britain 3 million muslims dogs lives matter we demand muslim free zones i lost my job as a sniffer dog because muslim racists say i'm 'unclean'
0 people with dwarfism arguing
0 if i become a superhero would i be an ex-men or a trans-former
0 the pope says trump is not a christian because christians dont build walls vatican walls are 40 feet high
1 all men are pigs women are equal to men
0 close up portrait of a serious black man
0 i will rise but i refuse to shine
0 house of god
0 vote for me free kfc, grape kool aid, & watermelon
0 but then again this is too good, ekse
0 when mom dresses you for picture day
1 thats a little savage
1 ernie leaves letter clues about what type of minority is locked in his oven
1 it's gettin hot in here so take off all ur clothes
1 another khuuun tiger woods claims hes not black despite his father being black
1 thinking about avdol's death remembering he was a muslim
0 if being racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks
0 i am racist i vote for donald
1 etch a sketch for my birthday worst present ever
1 back in my day blowin a tranny was car trouble
1 girl problems? throw acid on that bitch
0 tammy find me them keys
0 it's a simple grammar question leeroy! "what cames at the end of a sentence?" parole ?
1 i want you to stop being a faggot
1 just bought my first slow cooker!
0 violence is never the answer
0 oh how cute.... a guinea pig.
0 please follow proper safety protocal osha is there for a reason
0 when a person tells you that your meme meme or joke was heavily offensive i can go lower
1 breaking news nation of islam members listen to minister louis farrakhan speech at united center in chicago
0 a summary of every jewish holiday they tried to kill us, we won, let's eat
0 "i say, we knock off trump and then, go after pence. we have the power." - maxine waters 9/17/2018 yes, she actually said this and then blames president trump for inciting violence
0 feeling cute might eat hay later, idk
0 book about good and bad
0 such a beautiful day for playing and praying
0 i'm so old i remember telling people to eat my ass as an insult not a snack offer
0 thug life until 10pm
0 shit... the dishwasher is broken again
0 what does your wife and a hand grenade have in common remove the ring and your house is gone
0 what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
0 life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
0 mother fixing her daughters hair
1 49 people were killed at christ church 49 people were killed at christ church mosques muslim muslim
0 one girls peice of shit boyfriend is another drunk sluts prince charming
1 -your pug is cute as hell -that's my son
0 teach you about him? how can they if the romans killed christ
1 leave no dog behind ''
0 puts on sunblock doesn't protect from harmful rays
0 a 12 week old fetus. legal to kill in all 50 states can you imagine that wrapped in bacon???
0 i will build a space force and make the martians pay for it believe me! bigly!
0 all i want for christmas is 6 million
0 if you havin' road problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems but this ditch aint one
1 middle eastern prostitute
0 well there's your problem your serpentine belt is the wrong size
0 if'm yous still 1 teef at 30 y'all don't know how ta live
0 attacking a person for who they are or where they're from is an attack on their people and culture as a whole
1 hans ja? get him to auschwitz
1 look at all the latinos in our zoo i not really even don't a care. little do u?
0 when you and your friends are having wine night and you're feeling sassy
1 adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
1 muslim nibba lost his bag, help to find
0 when you're feeling confident and cheeky and want to tese your partner
0 i'm in love with the shape of jew
0 eat have more more bacon sex?
0 watching news always confuses me, immigration, tax, government!!
1 non-binary genders are real there are more than 2 genders. no...just no!!!
0 when the human asks who knocked everything off the table awiens
1 "america has stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews" google it
1 trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
0 admit it, you sometimes listen to strangers conversations and think to yourself, "you are a stupid motherfucker"
0 when you glue your ass shut so your uncle can't rape you survival
0 2011 gt3 rs with a rebuilt tranny
0 boy with progeria disease and his pet cat
1 when you're losing an argument against your black friend
0 i keep hitting the escape key... but i'm still here
0 i will not look at her tits because she is my friend said no man ever
0 thats a makeup artist for you. what did you expect?
1 i coined a new phrase for muslim terrorists: proxy jews
0 destruction 100 restoration 100
1 ladies! if your man is offended by this he is a faggot end of story
0 we're glad you're home the russians pooped in the hallway!
0 honor killings are part of our culture well then, it will be my honor to kill you all
1 do you agree with pauline to stop islamic immigration to australia share if you agree
0 what if he was the second coming of christ certainly would explain his issue with jewish people
0 nothing beats a cut of coffee in the morning
0 when you want to read about other cultures
0 it was gonna jump! i'm holdin' it back!
0 liberals are outraged by president trump's lack of protocol when meeting the queen of england
0 over 620 000 white people died to free black slaves so please lets cut the bullshit out - jf16
0 "the other day i was sucking my sister and she said "you fuck like dad" and i was like "that's what mom said"
0 fuck, my mom is gonna kill me fuck, my mom is gonna kill me
0 you like something that i do not particularly enjoy disgusting prepare to forfeit your life
0 ahmed? i'm pregnant!!
0 fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck!
1 retarded all stars retarded team of the week
1 silence female retard
1 survives ebola gets adopted by angelina jolie
0 psst i got a secret to tell you
0 then they gave me a crown of thorns and whipped me it was so hot i came twice
0 they said we didn't have a chance in 2016 they say we don't have a chance in 2020 will you vote for me in 2020?
0 when republicans freed the slaves this is how democrats responded
1 look son... another terror attack by peaceful muslims!
1 nazi fitness camp before after body transformation within hours
0 did you know that pigs are cannibals? disgusting savages
1 white people before they leave the house be like
0 jolo jew only live once
1 everywhere: eats africa: "we don't do that here"
1 when you're so high you make down syndrome up syndrome
1 this one time at camp we got so baked
0 marks left by a chevy marks left by a ford
0 they're not really after me they're after you i'm just in their way
1 terminigger
0 and just like that.. i'm into hiking
1 i don't see anything wrong with him other than he stole a wheelchair
1 cannibalism
0 this abuse is not ok
0 what do you get when you see bill cosby in double vision raped
1 when you're muslim but you have oil
0 go ahead call the cops they can't unrape you
0 bruce jenner's cat
0 refugees welcome
1 then he said i couldn't come to the barbecue because i always burn the franks
0 why are we smart? because we went to campes!
0 i love to fight for my country
0 don't be rude, folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
1 uncle daddy and me gonna have us a nephson
0 my tits may be nice but my pussy is the bomb
0 protestors should step their game up and start blocking railroad crossings
0 do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
0 texas churches be like... pew pew pew
0 when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
0 when you borrow money from grandma and can't pay her back
1 muslims are idiots!!! muhammad was a pig that's the truth folks! allah is that pig's penis!!!
0 life is hard it's harder when you're stupid
0 can you see the difference?
0 when your dad comes home from a suicide bombing
1 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
0 america sucks. conservatives are racists. rich people are evil. give me your money. the 2020 democrats!
0 been here 6 generations, gets loan to be repaid in full from the government. been here 3 months gets $1400/wk from the government
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 dude! look at this girl! carl, shut the... damn that ass!
0 when you choke the hooker a little too hard and she dies this is where the fun begins
1 carolina squat what kind of mental midget, coconut humping, poop throwing from a tree, goat herding, mouth breathing, have you seen my helmet moron remotely thought this was cool
0 i hate americans more than hillary or obama..!! trust me.
1 when tr*nnies want to be accepted but they mutilate their bodies
1 pete buttigieg.. leviticus 20:13 if a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have commited an abomination
1 yeah, i'm lgbt let god burn them
1 when an asian buys an american sports car the gooks of hazzard
0 i am nurtured by your hatred
0 happy day of hatching from your jew egg
0 during sex. i suddenly stopped and didn't move she: "what are you doing?" me: "hush bitch, i seen this on pornhub, its called buffering
1 adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
1 when you're nuts deep in a nasty hooke and feel something bit your dick there's a baby in this dumpster
0 just for control ne this is my current mood
1 for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
1 faceswap ching chong 100
1 nice try women now go back to the kitchen
1 i like my women like i like my chickens held in captivity until i behead them
1 if being a racist means i don't want my country filled with radicalized 'refugees' from terrorist countries, attacking people in the street because of their religion, yelling <<death to infidels>>, stabbing dozens of bystanders with a butcher knife then i'm a racist
0 it warms my heart seeing fathers spending time woth their kids
0 30 minutes after eating taco bell
1 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it. i can't
1 how do you know if a black guy is well hung? you can't fit your finger between the rope and it's neck!!
1 white kids be like im killing everybody
1 hello my lgbtq friends it's pride month so free shots for everyone
1 behind every screaming goat is a muslim with his pants down
0 i won a gift card for blockbuster
0 remember when they voted on your new green deal in the senate and no one supported it? that was awesome!
1 just waterin' the dirt
0 look at these precious 3- year olds & windows, said no sane person, ever
0 shut up cunt.
0 that face you make when you're a bully and just got beat up by a girl
0 my favorite animal is carrot
0 you can fuck off with that shit you can fuck straight off to fuck off mountain while riding your fuck horse to the land of awwww hell no
0 hey man you gotta go home my parents are fighting again
0 dishwasher for sale missing parts
0 blowjobs buy one get one free
0 yobo you only blowup once
0 whlle the keepers were distracted, harold, the oldest of all the apes, made his escape by posing as a wheelbarrow wheelbarrow pusher
1 knowing white people he's probably the father
1 no woman commits suicide of they fail to find broke guy for marriage
0 this is rudolf hess. he edited mein kampf for adolf hitler. that makes him..... the first grammar nazi
0 making decent coffee
0 almost all of trump supporters are white
0 please make them white
1 me getting offended at a joke is like a jew escaping a gas chamber it never happens
1 grab your helmut its about to get retarded
0 muslims in a predominantly christian nation christians in a predominantly muslim nation
0 donald trump is my bitch you stupid arrogant americans.!
1 ramadan begins may 27. bombathon ends june 24
1 jesus loves you because you're poor white trash
1 mooch in his natural habit
0 the double tap is a myth shoot until the threat changes shape or catches fire. only then will your enemies know true peace
0 i dont like sandwiches . oh well nevermind ..
1 how do i like my eggs? same as i like my niggers beaten and separated from the whites
0 don't get fooled take them out swimming on the first date
0 liberals waiting for cnn to tell them what to be upset about next
1 new zealand edition call of duty
0 when your group has a bunch of inactive members in it... hey... do stuff..
0 white trash you are doing it right
1 police academy graduation ceremony
0 october 31: this year i'm gonna get through no nut november november 1: so that was a fucking lie
0 " i don't wanna, just get it, get it, get it, get it (that shit is so hard) chance the rapper "the big day"
1 jokes don't kill people muslims who are offended by jokes kill people
0 i don't like the term "rape" i prefer "cuddle with a struggle"
0 vitiligo is a skin disease that causes the loss of melanin
0 how many more mass shootings must we orchestrate before you give up your guns?
0 thats fucked up, but i like it
0 when you don't know who to call the police or the rspca
0 when your friend looks at you after the acid drops
1 iroc z italian retards out 'cruising'
0 islam "i will instill terror into the hearts of the un believers: smite ye above their necks and smite all their finger-tips off." quran 8:12
0 when you stuff your jewish chicken before you give it a good roast
0 when you and your best friend get in trouble together
0 happy birthday brother!!!!
0 shoutout to all the ladies who don't gotta be half naked to get a mans attention. the rest of you bitches come with me
0 say cheese! photobomb
1 that look when your father sells you for a goat
1 the look on his face when he discovers the blood from ahmed raping his virgin daughter
1 hey barack, my tranny is better than yours!
1 this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
0 sacred cross? sounds like bullshit let me call my friend who's an expert in bullshit and fairy tales
0 him: "you have to respect our religious beliefs" me:
0 fresh out of fb jail and still not giving a fuck!
1 i told my gay friend that i can turn fruits into vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
1 hello dispatch, white folks are celebrating killing other white folks for land that ain't theirs
1 hell yeah nig- i mean brother!!!
0 they don't deserve to suffer
0 perfect day until you remember you haven't showered in a week
0 nothing is stronger than love except a tiger ii
0 can you tag your friend tell them i found their baby pic
0 when you're lonely and have no one to pull the anal beads out for you
0 what life feels without moisturizer
1 when you're muslim but you have oil
0 i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
0 i bet her pillows dont have pillowcases
1 after group sex mohammed is very tired
1 making mashed potatoes
1 new zealand: dozens dead in mass shooting usa: -first time?
0 well look at you i've never fingered a potato
0 it's racist to call me a goat humper even though i hump goats
1 i'm sure glad i dodged that bullet fuck white women asians are cute and tight asf i should know, i watch anime and hentai
0 go back to sleep your government is in control
0 im not racist i love all my friends
0 don't shoot im unarmed
1 jewish man hears a knock on his door, presumably an ss officer, as he was preparing to flee his home, 1942 (colorized)
1 girl: how do you eat pussy? me: like a retard tasting ice cream for the first time
0 when you're friends make fun of you for having a weird shaped body
1 how do mexicans feel about trumps wall? they'll get over it
1 i thought of something funnier than 9/11 the holocaust
0 vikings walk in. fuck shit up. walk out
0 excuse me, do you have a moment to talk about racism?
0 danish bacon ... it's gonna rock your world
0 how dark is your humor? me:
0 respect your elders they've learned a lot in their time
1 i now have two identities transgender and transfat
0 dad why do we stink? so blind people can hate us too, son
1 a short histoy of u.s. presidents
0 lawd, please give me strength to walk away peacefully because we both know i don't have the bail money
0 when you don't abort the baby and it dies anyways
0 happy birthday ya lil goat fucker
1 we've reviewed your report of the group "all jews should be burned alive" and found that it doesn't violate facebook's terms of service..
0 when mom calls you by your full name
1 arabs arabs how could the jews do this to us
0 instructor: ...and this is how you take off me: ok cool, but how do i land? instructor: good question
0 when you escape a heatwave a sprinkler
0 if one drop of semen contains more life than a drop of blood, then why don't vampires suck cock? oh wait......twilight
1 i like my coffe like i like my slaves extra dark
0 that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
0 old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
0 a vaginai is like a tin roof if you don't nail it enough, it ends up over at the neighbors
1 women are like parking spots usually, the best ones are taken... so when no one is looking-stick it in the disabled one
0 will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little fucker i'm fucking starving
0 bruce jenner's cat
0 as for the open liquor, i live in my car. my car is my home. i'm sure you have liquor in your home. cops pull you over in your house, how is that open liquor?
1 smh kids these days rely too much on technology
1 the media calls them refugees but this is what you will get
0 nazi soldiers used flame throwers to clear trenches
0 i just hear my girlfriend is pregnant
1 when god sees people claiming that there are more than two genders isn't that my decision?
0 whenever you feel stupid, remember this
0 hey look at me! i'm wearing a yellow hat!
1 let's end racism
0 when all your army's peaceful solutions fail you know what our problems require special forces' unconventional solutions
0 proud to exercise my beliefs
0 a "man bun?" i tie my hair like that giving head
1 do you want to know the real reason they don't want 5.7 million muslims rioting in their streets the french government hasn't mentioned terrorism?
0 has an interview.. ...shoots out truth
1 destroy diversity. preserve the uniqueness of white culture
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 how long can i run? till the chain tightens
0 my first high school football game was a lot like my first time having sex... i was bloody and sore at the end but at least my dad came
1 *when i finally snap and actually kill myself after years of saying "i wanna die"* my friends: you did it. you crazy son of a bitch, you did it
1 is that guy fucking a goat god damit carl...he is
0 the first president they can't control ...and they don't likeit!
0 sometimes a man's purpose in a woman's life is to help her become a better woman... for another man
1 "so i'm expected to walk on eggshells in my own country just so i don't offend some 7th century islamic goat humpers who ain't figured out yet this is the 21st century???" "what the hell kinda meat headed bullshittery do you call that?!??"
0 chelsea clinton... so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
1 destroying babri hindu niqqas after buslims after throwing stones on local mandir
0 dude, sometimes when i close my eyes i can't see
1 no money for them plenty of money for them
1 send me sexy pic
1 we are the knights who say nigger
0 dudes be like i'm just going to like all of her pics... except for the ones of her and her man
0 you say i'm racist because i don't want illegals here? i have some news for you. "illegal" isn't a race, morons
0 what the neighbors see what my father sees
0 chelsea clinton.. so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
0 so....i guess you can't give me an old fashioned... ....how bout a bj?
0 officer down
0 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
1 i don't see a poblem with banging my sister adam and eves kids had to bang to populate the world
1 handjobs sold separately!
0 never trust women
0 lust and love
0 oh you're triggered? must be hard being a special snowflake
0 it's a piece of cake if she's not awake
1 listen up sweetheart and let this sink in i never owned any slaves and you never picked any cotton. here ends the lesson. i don't owe you shit
1 how! can i get dat percap?
0 attacks trump's unpaid daughter pays her own daughter $750, 000 to send out mailers
0 are we there yet
0 rice cooker now versus in 1945
0 sorry if i offended you but maybe you needed to be offended here's my apology and one more thing... fuck you!!
0 rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
0 muslim at the entrance: "hello brother!" brenton tarrant:
0 today's gop base he's old, he's white, he's believes all the shit he hears on grumpy and he fox news
0 when the food you made actually taste good
1 when your ex says "you won't find a b*tch half the woman i am"
1 i'm taking my clock to school
0 mississippi wind chime
0 raising goats is hard work
0 people think i go out of my way to piss them off trust me, it's not out of my way at all
0 jack nicholson is a savage at lakers games when he sceams at the players
1 first gay pride parade! can't wait! making history
0 emmanuel macron said: 'nationalism is treason' if not for the u.s. you'd be saying that in german right now
0 that's why we bomb you
0 let's take out the trash impeach both
0 disney and chill ?
0 when this happened at home i had no one i could tell
0 creeps into your childs room empties his sack
0 when someone asks me to remove a picture because they're offended
0 did nazi that coming
1 the new space saving dishwasher you can hang it anywhere!
0 classic photo of anne frank
0 where do suicide bombers go after they die? everywhere
0 have you seen my bag
0 i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him: let me help you!
0 stalin: if you invade us, you break our agreement hitler: quicksaving..
0 i vote republican... ...because i may not have much, but republicans will make sure others have even less
0 go home, snail you are drunk
0 fucking aye
0 if asians got random english tattoos too it means love in english!
0 fur missile incoming
0 hey these arent mcdonalds fries
1 how to get a black guy to see his baby
1 when the un adds another million to the holocaust death toll
0 when you're losing an argument against your black friend
0 people are loosing their minds over terrorism and isis in america... and veterans are all like... "wake me up when i can go fuck shit up and not go to iail for it"
0 what does blm stand for? black lives matter
0 women ask for equal rights, so i give them equal lefts aswell
0 laughs in [majority of u.s crime rate]
0 from no child left behind to no child left alive
0 hello brother wait is that a shotgun?
1 black people mitochondria being the powerhouse of the cell
0 lol i missed my period last week
0 black power white power keep poking that bear
1 they want this not because they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
0 who said that women can't park
0 fuck banks fuck indians too
0 dark humor is like food not everyone gets it. #justnorthkoreathings
0 how many fucking accounts do you assholes have?
1 shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
1 when you realize that "ginger" is just the n-word, rearranged
1 you see this pig? it's called muhammad
0 went outside today yolo
0 after 3 million years of evolution we have only lost the hair!
1 a muslim ban would've stopped that
0 "gun control" doesn't mean what you think it means it means only the state will have guns if you think that's a good idea you need to read a history book
0 is this mother fucker serious? where in the hell am i going to find a truck load of bitches?
0 when you die and go to heaven but now have to wait for your doggo to join you
1 master chef with low rating master chef with high rating
1 valentine in islamic countries
0 about my page there will be shit you don't like, i'm going to post it anyway
1 how can this be allowed a free home and benefits? when this man was allowed to die on the streets after serving this country
1 its national hebrew day go pick up a hot jewish girl
1 i like my niggers like i like my christmas ornaments hanging from my tree
0 once you go black you deserve it
0 now what !? captain vagina hit them with your purse?
0 our dad is potato farmer
0 this is anne frank in june 1929
1 christians are retarded
1 when the jews genocide you so hard for 50 years that your population triples
0 when americans realize fish swim in schools
0 it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
0 did you know you are supposed to pull anal beads out slowly? i didn't... i started the wife up like a fucking chainsaw
1 blacks when they hear kilometers per hour instead of monkeys per yard
0 play stupid games win stupid prizes
1 when you're shooting up the school and the cops shoot the black kid that's running away
0 every day you spent home sick from school was spent with bob
1 gudako: top fans gay top fans : admin gay it's fine for me to say that, but not for you!
0 when i grow up i wanna be a famous rapper
0 eix bafe2, i didn't sign up for this shit
0 flight attendant: *yawns* deaf passengers:
0 when she say its not you its me bitch its finna be yo eye
0 only man to award a terrorist 10.5 million dollars for killing an american oldier....fucking scum bag!
1 it can't be homicide if there is no race
0 when the kush so good you lose chromosomes
0 celebrating the weekend like
0 this shit right here is why i suicide people
0 when yo finna play w/ yo self, then you think about yo dead relatives thats watching
0 hitler giving his speech to german people
0 when a parent tells me that their kid is an angel [whispering] so was lucifer
0 i'm an evolved monkey on a cartoon ball, nasa told me, its science bruh!
0 it's not high treason it's alternative loyalty
0 its spring so don't forget to reverse your battery cables so the air conditioner comes on instead of the heat
0 hello is that everything you need ? i thought you left your smile back there
1 i love muslims point me to right direction
0 have you ever tried ethiopian food? neither have they
1 send me location
1 chicks be like the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
0 uncle : that ain't all your hair me: them ain't all your kids #thanksgivingclapback
0 white people love snitching so much they created yelp
0 clint eastwood and michelle obama
0 when you glue your ass shut so your uncle can't rape you survival
1 how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
1 transgender satan is not amused
1 made rice krispies way before kellogg's rt @tooracist: my japanese girlfriend didn't get this joke. i had to drop the bomb twice
0 they probably arguing over some little shit
1 dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, , but i find it completely justified
0 great news! my iq tests came back negative
0 no racism
0 socialism: because you don't need toilet paper when there is no food
0 "if that uckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
1 why arent there any pharmacies in africa? because you cant take medicine on an empty stomach
1 i may be blind but at least i'm not black
0 that post was so shit mel gibson is making a film about it
0 get your nails ready. you never know when you have to show them off
0 when you and ya partner see an unarmed black youth
0 the world's most wanted terrorist obama bin lying
1 whats the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest? a suicide vest actually accomplishes something when its triggered
1 when you fuck a black guy cuz you thought they all had big dicks, but it was small, and now your purse is missing
0 husband husband you are my husband
0 do i make you horny baby.... do i??????
0 pride week
0 caitlin jenner showing off her new whip
0 my religion is the religion of peace if you don't believe in it we will kill you
0 women deserve equal rights and support
0 whenever i go to a bar i shout out "you cheating whore!!!" whoever turns around is who i'm buying drinks for!
1 you say dirty infidel, i say filthy goyim! you make them become cucks, i'll mow them down with trucks! side by side for white genocide!
1 *somethings bad happens* medieval europe: jews i swear, it was the guy with the long nose
0 "why do you keep pressuring me to do anal ?" me: so much to do, so much to see, so what's wrong with taking the backstreets ?
1 this steak is so black it's trying to abandon the baby potatoes
0 look! we have a right to be angry, stop bombing our country
1 hunger games he's winning
0 show m an american ghetto and i'll show you a place where white democrats are in power
1 if your phone gets wet, try putting it in dry rice at night, the rice will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
0 you boys every played hot potato
0 first off i'm t.i. not kanye west
0 you can't be racist if. nvm you are racist
1 once you go black so does your eye
0 how white liberals treat minorities who don't vote democrat
1 i know who my enemy is and i know he's watching us now and you're just his nigger
0 see here's your mistake you added a fuck that i didnt give
0 when ur too young to know racism but ur happy cause u got a new pet
1 the floor is jews
0 when did you have lunch?
1 that's black people for you what did you expect?
0 me every time i'm out in public there's too too many people on this this earth. we need a new plague
1 crisis hotline, how can i help? well...i'm feeling suicidal... great! can you fly a plane?!
0 when you're about to play with yourself but you can't stop thinking about that gorilla dream from last night
0 i see you what you did there
0 during the holocaust, jewish bodies were treated like trash
0 if your refund is more than you paid in taxes you aren't getting "your taxes" back, you're getting "my taxes" back!
1 trump supporters be like fucking mexicans
1 i'm a gnigger and you've been robbed
1 when the whole squad roasts the jewish kid
0 you cant handle the truth
1 once you go black so does your eye
1 i almost joined the kkk once.. but there weren't enough gay, black women in town to justify me volunteering that much free time
0 when your chinese food shows up completely uncooked
0 investigating homicide in lgbtq community
0 vlad the impaler loved eating food and killing people
0 perfect girls don't exi
1 is there any greater joy for us men than raping women? what in the goddamn fuck
0 when you're cool with the lbgtq community
0 quick, which one is a bb gun? oops, too late.. ..you're dead
0 dear single girls, please stop saying you should give up and get a cat. if no man wants you, please don't force an innocent cat to live with you
0 your daddy shoulda pulled out!
0 your memes suck show us your tits
0 great apes
0 basic white girl in her natural habitat this is what i imagine heaven looks like womenwholovewine wineaisle target whitegirlwasted
1 hey bro i'm not racist bro but ever noticed poo coloured women are loud, ugly, stupid, fat and act like primates? i haven't noticed that
0 people report my shit i produce more shit
1 i like my coffee like i like my slaves extra dark
0 how do you like them well done please!
0 time barack hussein obama muslim of the year
1 i like my coffee like i like my women in the kitchen where they belong
0 knowing white people he's probably the father
0 friends come and go but brothers last forever
0 who wore the kufi best??
1 sunday family fun day!
0 kathy bates in the movie waterboy
1 whenever you feel stupid remember hindus wash themselves and purifies their souls the river is the 5th most polluted river in the wolrd
1 i hate 3 things: racism. sexism and white men
1 when i grow up... lol nevermind
0 alright girls ! smiiiiile
1 when you mighta been born just plain white trash but fancy is your name
0 how you like me now ?
0 being a boy in the 90's being a boy in 2018..
0 you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
1 six kids, no husband, no job, and food stamps $10,000 back in income taxes
0 my momma... momma says girls are the devil
0 justin trudeau the imam of canada
0 the ruling on the field stands mr. hernandez did not get both feet on the ground in time
0 be right back left the gas on
0 amsterdam hamster dam
0 so glad i grew up doing this not this
0 illegal aliens are not welcome
1 he went to jihad's
0 push for better healthcare in the country injuries happen when you least expect them
0 grandparents be like one little snack before you go home
1 trannies deserve being thrown into an active nuclear reactor
0 that face you make when he uses the wrong hole
0 when he asks you to see your hair
1 mexicans hugging and kissing walls and fences, to show their love for border controls
1 you say not all muslims are monsters? imagine a bowl of m&ms with 10% of them are poisoned. would you eat a handful
1 don't settle for just any bargain brand white trash ask for tomi larhen by name now with 50% more maga
1 proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
0 whats the best thing about a blowjob? the 10 minutes of silence!
0 don't move and give me your money
0 "if that fuckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang g from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
0 back in the day when you couldn't hide behind a computer screen
0 someone else used kids to push an agenda
0 monkeys often pick bugs off each other to snack on
1 this would be racist if black people could read
0 person i chase: *shows clear signs he doesn't want to do anything with me* me: i'm gonna pretend i didn't see that
0 the wife said we needed a new coffee maker, so i got one. the name is mr. coffee, the wife was amused
0 which is more important length or girth? turns out its consent
1 we love your political correctness and tolerance it's our greatest weapon against you!!!
0 what are we waiting for again ?
0 that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking shit
0 who assassinated joan rivers after she trashed obama, remember
0 illegal aliens are more american than american citizens. aoc 01/08/19
0 tfw you hear that you should be able to walk again with 2 months of pt
0 not all muslims are terrorist
0 when nobody knew who you were until you got on your knees
0 president trump accused of sexual assault right before the election clarence thomas accused sexual harassment right before the election right before getting voted in by the senate roy moore accused of sexual assault right before senate election in alabama brett kavanaugh accused of sexual assault right before getting voted in by the senate still convinced that the accusers are telling the truth? bret e macgregor monday at 8:34 pm
0 patience, good things come come to those who wait
1 what if i change my gender so i become the victim and not the rapist
1 spending quality time with dad
0 i said i wanted to see his kids so he came in my eye
1 my 6 year old son is in a wheelchair, so i made him a tank for halloween this year. special forces?
0 when you accidentally send a d**k pic to your mother
0 shits about to get real
0 me posing for the paparazzi like
0 is there anything more beautiful than the islamic call to prayer?
1 ach!! thats my car volkswagen cars produce more gaz than expected
1 i hate snow its white and on my land
0 r.i.p to all the black soldiers that died fighting for a country that never fought for them
1 morgan freeman morgan not-so-freeman
0 so there i was in elizabeth warren's teepee.
0 what if i told you you and i should find a bed n get freak nasty
0 you can see black lives matter
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 hans, forget ze flammenwerfer get the gustav
0 when you get old and your brother decides to stop by and drink with you
0 ilhan omar has vowed that on her first day in congress she will conduct a muesli ritual "to cleanse the chamber of the right wing evils" share to say she's the evil one
0 suicide bombers will strap a bomb vest around their waist
0 united we could be great together
0 reincarnation ? you mean press x to respawn
0 someone collect this white trash
1 back off f'ing white male we are on a sex strike
0 the feeling after a long day at work
0 am i doing a good job?
1 this is a declaration of war  ...on you, your family, your friends, and all you hold dear
0 if you like your baby you can keep your baby 2020 dnc campaign slogan
0 what do they have in common? you enjoy pushing them both down the stairs
1 how africans eat their food mmmm....... delicious
0 starving mexican man eating peanuts
1 you can't get her pregnant if she's a goat
0 a hijab is a veil worn by muslim women in public. it's their choice to do so
0 next time you're having a bad day, think of this squirrel
1 400 years of slavery rape and murder but now she loves him and hates her own men
0 when you see your ex having a seizure in public shake it like a salt shaker bitch
0 now that's a koala-ty photo
1 michelle obama angry monkey
1 large big mac no ice
0 sis: you're the father/uncle bro: i'm gonna be an funcle?
0 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
0 psst. hey european citizen wanna buy some illegal memes?
1 when the white kid you've been nice to passes you a book under the table and he wrote "you're cool. run out of the school when i give the signal"
0 this makes me puke send all of them back home
1 allah is watching you!
0 this is my neighborhood after the mexicans moved in welcome to the future of america
1 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 go pluck yourself
0 officer down
0 sometimes i crunch up my jizz when it dries then i bring the white powder to parties and watch people snort my cock sand
1 when the grand mufti tells you that you're the next suicide bomber to attack the christians muslim childhood achievements
0 when a person tells you that your meme or joke was heavily offensive. i can go lower
1 this muslim guy is in heaven
1 happy birthday ya lil goat fucker
0 good guy police officer capturing them young
0 oh, you're tired of my anti-religion posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
0 when you're struggling a bad date out after to rub one
0 you care more about your truck than you care about me well, my truck blows gaskets, not other dudes so.
1 that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
0 feeling cute lol might rs 67 camaro ca-mare-ohhhhhhhhh
0 gets kicked out of every country they been to blames you
0 when you got a warrant out for your arrest
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 it all depends on how you treat her
0 when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
1 black people anything that doesn't belong to them
1 your new name is abdul you'll take it and like it cracker
0 warning smoking kills
1 amsterdam red light district isalamabad red light district
0 four-legged friends can be found from the least expected walks of life
1 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
0 when your dishwasher asks you to take out the trash i think it has a mind of its own
0 love in the world comes in many forms
1 hey, sorry goat fucker that warning shot over your head? was a bit low!
0 if you wanna report something report deez nuts!!!
1 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody lose his shit
1 why can't you play uno with a mexican? because they'll steal all the green cards
0 i never dated my cuz'n i fucked him but we never dated
1 run forrest!!! run!!! :d
0 if you have a problem with me..call me if you don't have my number, then that means you don't know me well enough to have a problem
0 men and women are sacrificing their lives doing this so that we can live peacfully in the comfort of our homes
0 the older we get the sleepier we are
0 multiculturalism increases our unity and we are stronger together
0 mexican word of the day: wheelchair. "me and juan only had one taco but that's ok, wheelchair."
0 don't shoot i'm unarmed
1 i make everyone the way they are oh, you're gay? i'm going to burn you in hell for eternity
0 muslims protesting rascism in front of headquaters
1 almost all terrorism is sponsored by saudi arabia before the solution to terrorism after problem solved
0 is that guy hurting a goat? let's stop this animal abuse
0 safe sex isis style
1 when the plantation owner invites you to a hunting session but everyone has a rifle except for you. hol up
0 i long for politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to play livestock management technicians and indigenous people
0 "i'm arresting you for the crimes you will commit in the future"
0 feeling fresh for picture day
0 7 in 10 people in prison are registered democrats when you can't beat trump with law abiding citizens you enlist felons..
0 i don't usually act like an asshole... ...but when i do, i'm probably fucking with someone from the shallow gene pool
1 the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim follow my allah or i kill you! follow my allah or he kill
0 hope and change i built that
0 when she calls you a 40sec man but she paid own bride price to marry you
0 you rape em we scrape em no fetus can defetus
0 yeah, i'm into fitness fitness whole pizza in my mouth
0 i just realized that all i can be is true to myself not matter what
1 fuck you muhammed is a pig fucker!
0 happy birthday keep it classy...no wine from a box
1 "i'm arresting you for the crimes you will commit in the future"
1 a good american is a dead american
0 the best game of all time farming simulator 1848
0 happy birthday michael j fox
0 how do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? turn up the amps
1 dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, but i find it completely justified
1 god created this not that
0 my black boy friend
0 i haven't done anything in washington for almost 50 years joe biden in lowa ...june 2019 if you elect me president this time, i'll cure cancer
1 stop being a little bitch
0 i win again! game center
0 do you have any idea how fast you were going
0 i may be blind but at least im alive
0 oh boy can't wait to clean myself up in the showers that the guards are taking us to!
0 this is called a mushroom cloud
0 rashida tlaib in traditional 'palestinian garb
0 showing skin '' since you don't have anything else to offer ''
0 yes... i'm 1/2 goat, on my mother's side
1 why don't jews eat pussy? because it's too close to the gas chamber
0 back in my day, you were either america first or a pinko commie nowadays they call themselves liberals, progressives, socialists and such.. but you know what, pilgrim? they're still pinko commies
0 spongebob and patrick look like they're having a rough day
0 if you're gonna go boating go with a party not by yourself
1 beer goggles helping fat chicks get laid for thousands of years
1 she said girls run the world... so i told her get back in the kitchen
1 do you hate rapist? and child molesters? and people who think their race is superior to all? oh , so you hate muslims too huh. good shit
0 when you walk into the waiting room at the ford service dept
1 muslims have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one !
0 mandatory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem.....
0 the hardest part of breaking up with her is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
1 when you haven't stolen anything in a week
0 yep still your president
0 what if i told you the big dipper is not a constellation
1 got any choc isis ?
0 some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
0 the fresh prince
0 when you forgo history and embrace diversity
0 when the villagers ask what no shave november is
0 please help these kids locate their father
1 didn't stand during the national anthem.. no one said a word... #whiteprivilege
1 this just in caitlyn jenner claims bruce fondled her for decades
0 i don't see color or race because i make sure to surround myself with a diverse group of people
0 i realized i might have a road rage problem when my son started yelling "pick a lane asshole" in the grocery store
0 no racism
0 understanding the difference nazism hollywood's inverted depiction of national socialism national socialism
1 when youve finally had enough of your autistic brother, you decide to sell him to the local pedophile
0 well it's obvious that robert mueller is a russian
0 this is a long train but it's still smaller than the ones we ran on your mom in high school
0 the face my parents make when i bring home a new pet hamster
0 get the fuck out now you anti trump liberals
0 how you feel after reading owen's mortification of sin
1 hitler be like "you sure i killed 6 million? they aint up here
0 trump before he was a born again christian
1 a black chinese now i can die in peace chigga
1 my thai girlfriend says a small penis shouldnt be a problem in a loving relationship but i still wish she didnt have one
0 why are we walking? your mom woke up mad son
1 stevie wonder cant read? no shit, he's black
1 the only time it's ok to finger your sister
0 pull up pull up gas
0 america will never be a socialist nation!! what the hell? oh shit
1 dad why do we stink? so blind people can hate us too, son
0 women should date men with beards beacuse growing a beard takes patience the kind of patience it takes to deal with your shit
1 when the deaf kid insults you with sign language, so you break his fingers modern problems require modern solutions
1 tattoos are bad for your health i know 5 million people that had tattoos and they all died
0 when you have a second hobby no one knows about
1 it might look fucked up, but her handjobs are fucking unbelievable
1 bruce jenner's cat
1 i threw my new muslim neighbors a house-warming party the police called it arson...whatever
0 we broke up but she said we could still be cousins
0 my girlfriend just freaked me out she gave me blowjob but insisted on roleplaying as a 14 year old. fucking weird and gross i was like, "you're going to be 14 in a couple of years anyway, what's the rush?"
1 when you step on landmine but you do not weigh enough
1 "islam is love!" - ariana grande yeah. if you're a goat
0 when your kitten can't find a box
0 this is you liking ur own fb post
1 your girlfriend the tranny you been fucking
1 dispatch, we have a code 1, scared white bitch, over
0 when you don't have to see your ex future mother-in-lav anymore
1 gets mad about film portraying muslims as murderous savages responds by being a murdering savage
0 my dog loves the attention
0 please kill isis # goatlivesmatter
0 they can kill the messenger but they can't kill the message
1 muslim woman whines: i don't feel safe in us wearing a headscarf with trump as president then go back to your own country where they'll stone you to death for not wearing it
0 trust me as you get to know me i just get weirder
0 oh, he's using you for sex? stop bitching, sex is awesome. complain when he's using you for laundry..or a human shield
1 and this is planet watermelon where the rivers are grape soda and fried chicken grows on trees
1 crisis hotline, how can i help? well...i'm feeling suicidal... ok, so what's the crisis?
0 tranny for sale
0 this is result or war
0 feeling cute might marry my brother again later, idk
0 in my country this headdress is common to wear if you want to. here in other countries i am also free to wear it if i want to
1 1400 years of islamic progress
1 whipepo reading the comments like
0 immigrants wave our flag invaders wave their own
0 nothing beats a good old sultry stare down
0 what's really crazy is it is illegal for minors to drink but not for minors to be taking hormones and having surgery to change their appearance to the opposite gender. and nobody cares that gender reassignment is being paid for with their tax money and insurance premiums
1 five finger meth punch
0 something went... 1947 2017 terribly wrong
0 3d visualization of atomic bomb
0 immigrants people that want a better life
1 removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye
0 this fish is so raw it's still trying to find nemo
0 i like this post keep it
0 im wilford brimley and i have diabetes
1 shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
1 i see you nagger!
0 where is the curvature? #basketballsareflat
1 i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
0 my culture has great food !
0 mother tell your children not to mock my weight
1 white people: all asians look the same also white people:
1 me and styrofoam... yup...both white trash
0 goes for when an indian walk with his dog
1 photo of a survivor liberated from the auschwitz- birkenau camp 1945 (colored)
1 he's making a list and checkin it twice gonna find out who gets deported by ice
0 hunting it's not a hobby, it's a way of life
1 when the prostitute's a tranny so you cut her dick off improvise. adapt. overcome
0 my abilty is stronger than my disability
0 when she on top & you trynna catch a titty
1 arnold schwarzenigger
0 the military finally captured the massive orangutan
0 we don't want affordable health care! we demand tax cuts for billionaires!
0 you know like when the tv doesn't work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
1 notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
0 this would be racist but everyone is created equal
0 "quick, you need to get me to russ..." hey, donny "wtf!
0 digging up something to do is hard guess necrophilia isn't for everyone
0 look at me this is my meme now
0 1947 something went... 2017... terribly right
0 holy shit look at the gas bill
1 be happy you dont have neanderthal dna
0 breaking news billy goat announces his candidacy
0 she put on the purple lipstick and she became the bomb
0 when she cooks, cleans & sucks a mean dick but you gotta work
1 this steak is so black it stole my television
0 feeling awesome, might hike later, idk
0 i am surprised to see you
0 donaldtrump_2020 breaking: rep. ilhan 0mar broke federal tax law she filed her taxes jointly with a man to whom she was not legally married
1 it's a boy! congratulations harry & meghan
0 when you want to nap after a long day of mudding
1 when you get shot in the groin by a rubber bullet and your made-up gender doesn't protect your willie
0 of all things this is how you use the power of the internet
1 sorry white guys but i only date black guys
0 i agree hi 5 bro
0 i know how to knockout ronda rousey
0 is this the supreme leader of isis? i'm coming to the ehd of my apologize for america" tour. and i just had to tell you how sorry i am for all the bad press you have received
0 trump should tweet something antigun i just want to see liberals defend the second amendment
0 i've told my neighbor to keep thier pug out of my yard 3 times already
0 bruce jenner caitlyn jenner
0 when the muslim kids in your class start hanging out with you
1 what society thinks they will do vs what women will do when the economy collapses
1 mark zuckerberg marries an asian who else is capable of counting all his money?
1 they should not be allowed to have kids you made your choice bitch, now live with it!
0 more men with guns were sent to arrest 66 year old roger stone than clinton and obama sent to rescue our men in benghazi
0 what if i told you trump isnt the problem, nor his supporters it's your education system, news media, and american propaganda that is the problem
1 not all of us like to pray and protest some of us get it poppin, crakkka!
1 thank a straight person today for your existence straight pride
0 when it is time, rest assured america. when the enemy brings it to our soil, we will bring it to them we dipped this shit in bacon grease mixed with bacon juice smothered in hate
0 cannibalism
1 since 1980 324,000 thousand black peoplehave been murdered by other black people thats more then the soldiers who were killed in the iraq war, korean war and vietnam combined now do you see a problem?
1 every man needs a decent coffee maker
0 you dumb muddafukka you
1 want to party? yeah i'm down
1 they want this not beause they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
1 slice and dice n1gg3r
1 president trump: keeping bitter old lesbian hags out of the white house since 2016
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 border agents in texas apprehend over 400 illegals in just a 5-minute span this is an invasion! why are some republicans trying to keep our borders open??
0 do not forget the people who helped build our nation
1 japanese fashion trends
0 black people are trying to wake up
0 pussy fight!
1 lucifer is hot! let's kill all non-catholics antichrist sun worship
1 a moment before threesome:-
1 get the hell out muslim! you are not wanted here !!!
1 dad is islam a religion of peace? hell no son, only liberals believe that shit
1 how do we destroy the patriarchy? it's simple. we eat it
1 remember no faggot
0 me checking outside to make sure i still hate the general public
1 da unbleeble wyness of wypipo kongqueesha washington contributor errythang wypipo do iz raysuss and ebull! dass wy we neeb to keel dem all!
1 i'm not going down until the last goat fucker is dead and gone
1 someone needs to invent car fax for vaginas "i have only been with one guy." "yeah sure, show me the whorefax."
1 asian drivers test had an accident
0 i'm not interupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped. i'm your new mom. well, welcome to the family mom!
0 "the person who learned the most about the mueller report today was bob mueller." trey gowdy did mueller just sign the report?
1 what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
1 women can wear what they want you dont have the right to ban the burka its basic democracy
0 i have a rape whistle and i'm not afraid to use it!! you have to admire her optimism
0 halloween was great this year
0 uncle daddy and me gonna have us a nephson
0 when you ask the stoke patient to smile
1 michelle obama sighted sun bathing in afghanistan
1 oh look someone's returning a broken sandwich maker to walmart
0 perks of being my friend? you'll be the normal one
0 perks of being my friend? you'll be the normal one
0 when you're doing target practice safely out at sea
0 when you walk into the welfare office hello monkeys
0 whenever the fbi is searching your room and one of your child slaves starts screaming for help
1 today in the news more 'peaceful muslims" blowing up shit
1 when you used to be cool, but now you're basically mentally retarded from years of drug abuse, fat from getting sober, and have no friends
0 when your girl is on her period but she offers anal as an alternative into the garbage chute, flyboy
0 "too many people with bachelor's degrees without jobs" "everyone should get a bachelor's degree for free"
0 greetings white person time to die
0 korean war soldiers come home msnbc no live coverage cnn 58 seconds nbc no coverage abc 24 seconds cbc no coverage share if they should be ashamed
0 a ww2 jewish prisoner trying to escape the auchschwitz showers (1943, colorized) wwii jew escaping hitler's rath
0 happy birthday bacon lover
0 mental illness ... can lead to anxiety, depression, and in some cases self-mutilation and/or suicide
0 i am an environmentalist love all animals
1 my black flag brings all the goats to the yard, and the're like "allahu akbar" watch out, i'll put a bomb in your car. i could teach you but i lost my arms
0 zakk wylde zakk calm
0 no one: people when you nod at them:
1 where do you work jobs iz for suckas kfc pimpin hoes this is a racist meme!
0 nice watch it must have cost an arm and a leg
1 meanwhile in mexican schools
1 it's a great day to be a honky!
1 when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
1 get dunked on   you fucking jew
1 i told my gay friend that i can turn fruits in to vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
0 string on anal beads broke this should be a fun day
0 when your girl is giving you a handjob under the table
0 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
1 i'm so black even my teeth are behind bars
0 black girl with green contacts? bitch, stop it. you look beautiful naturally
0 lord please protect all of the bikers out there every day
0 see... i told you cyril. the majority in sa do not mind us stealing from them.
0 when petting cats... be sure not to activate their murder button
0 when you're looking at all the people in their hot summer bods... and you feel sorry for all the taco tuesdays they must have missed!
0 these women choose how they want to dress so do these women
0 coffee is ready
0 i was gonna join the air force.. then i found my balls
1 if you have on fake hair, fake eyebrows, fake eyelashes, and a lot of makeup on then you're a tranny!!
0 alabama: bans abortion. all of alabama in 5 years
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
1 all i want for christmas is 6 million
1 once you go black you deserve it
1 went to wal-mart picked up a brand new dishwasher!
1 you mean i don't have to pick it and i can eat it?!
1 do you know how to use an oven! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you!
1 what's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? the wheelchair
0 a veggie hot dog made from plants instead of eyeballs, lips
0 we give your holy flag praise our lord and enslaver
1 it's not immigration, it's not asylum seeking it's an invasion!
0 trump supporters be like make america great again
1 if you could kick an obama in the nuts which would it be?
0 first off i am hebrew! not a damn muslim get it right
0 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 still more confirmed sightings than 28 nosler ammo
0 when you're a real life super spy
0 i've been here once they stole my stuff and claimed god gave it to them
0 when you catch your goat with another man
0 mondays got me like
0 damn! who am i gonna have to fuck to get this fixed
1 ankle compilaion when you stoned your 3rd wife yesterday and you're lonely
1 happy pride month y'all disney proudly presents the gentleman and the tranny
1 healthcare for muslims
0 african children seeing a caucasian boy for their first time ever
0 is it a boy or a girl it's a bomb
0 when white folks announce the 2nd case of cured hiv patient but you were murdered for already doing it
1 hi, i'm sean hannity and i'm destroying the conservative movement. fox news gives me a platform for ignorant white trash anger
0 covers up the sexual abuse of student athletes for a decade at ohio state questions someone else's credibility
0 my customer service face vs how i actually feel
0 motorcross bikes are ridden by drug dealers and gang members because they can easily elude law enforcement mothers against death sports if your child has an interest in motorcross they may have joined a gang or be involved in the illegal drug trade
0 when you have the privledge to carry anything on
1 back in my day blowing a tranny meant car trouble
0 they are the best in basketball because they can steal, shoot and run
0 mess with me and you mess with the whole trailer park!
1 we are coming to america one way or another! we will rape, pillage, & reap havoc riot on your nation while stealing your welfare
0 laughter is the best medicine
1 you're gay? that's a lifestyle choice.. ...by which i mean i hate you for being gay
0 when people keep calling you a terrorist, but you identify as a firework
1 i was banging a retarded girl and she wouldn't let me cum in her mouth so i came on the window and let nature take its course
0 bombers be like i'm done with homework
0 kkk member doing the nazi salute
1 what you imagine when you're on a plane and you hear the person behind you say allahu akbar
0 they're just like anyone else
0 when she squirts out the wrong hole
0 it's a wiener pit kind of like your mom
0 locked out of car outside of planned parenthood office can't go in to ask for a coat hanger
1 white trash you are doing it right
0 4 years for your bachelors? i worked 60 years for my masters
1 femenist: all men are evil, and must be castrated because they're all capable of and want to commit rape me *waiting in line at best buy* neat
0 keep yelling, motherfuckers allah be with you shortly
0 confirmed lynch told the fbi to drop the investigation against hillary
1 loves me some boneless jungle ham
0 remeber when you could offend everyone and we all just laughed at ourselves?
1 this chick can't stand fishing
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 pork dripping rub the only way to keep your children safe in rotherham
0 these were the faulty wires that caused the fire at notre dame cathedral
0 when you wipe 700 times and there is still shit i have a question. for god. why?
0 manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem.....
0 when she's trying her hardest to make you cum but you already visited your favorite goat
0 the lie detector test determined that was a lie
0 circa 1860 a slave master whips a slave whose hands and legs are bound
1 i see a cat let's get it for lunch
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 white trash britney is my spirit animal
0 i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america dem representative ilhan omar quote
0 this is a declaration of war ...on you, your family, your friends, and all you hold dear
0 captives being brought on board a slave ship on the west coast of africa
1 i'm in love with the shape of jew
1 too much alcohol end result
0 i will fucking choke slam you with my dick
0 i don't like this post gas it
0 we should respect blacks
0 i felt a great disturbance in the force as if a million snowflakes all melted at once
0 don't drink and drive
0 shit posting groups: *exist* indogs: it's free real estate
1 no one's gonna say it? fine, i will. "niccep"
0 when yo finna play w/ yo self, then you think about yo dead relatives thats watching
1 do you know how to end transphobia? killing all trans people
0 claim your free maga hat here great news! my iq tests came back negative
0 don't let a disability stop you from being a sportsman
0 quit monkeying around
1 that's black people for you what did you expect?
0 his d*ck was so tiny" "i had to suck it like this
0 nothing impedes a champion
0 stupid americans.. they elect their enemy to rule over them
0 name something females say before sucking dick
0 winnie the pooh is a disney classic
1 are both mentally healthy? brahmins are racially paraniod. this is called hinduism brahmanism followers are genetically stupids and fools
0 for those of you ignorant to history there has already been a "march for our lives" and they were already disarmed!
0 how to make everyone hate you
0 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
1 meet muhammed
0 zuckerberg approves
0 rep omar claims america is trying to 'eliminate' muslim voices..... do you agree?
0 this is for all you nosey fuckers that only follow me to tattle on me. fuck you!
0 it is time.. to send these parasites back to the desert
0 i won a gift certificate to a tanning salon
0 when you forget to take out the trash and you threw our chinese the day before
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 white kids be like "i have had enough
0 did the irish celebrate black history month
1 we've ever seen worst case of suicide hear about that black guy who was shot 38 times?
0 this guy cut her head off workplace violence my ass
1 im not allowed to barbecue ever since i burnt the franks
0 the democratic agenda... 1. get trump impeached 2. take away guns 3. increase taxes 4. protect illegals are they purposefully trying to destroy america?
1 i saw a fat girl with a guess shirt on, so i approached her and said "380 lbs?"
0 i am not the best, but i promise i will love you with all my heart
1 when you have 3 choco puffs left in your cereal bowl
1 illegal aliens should be america's number 1 export
0 made rice krispies way before kellogg's
0 if it's brown flush it down
0 keep yelling, motherfuckers you're just playing call of duty
1 fuck turks 1915 never again armenian for life
1 when you sleep with a jewish girl
1 rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
0 running for school
1 that look when your father sells you for a goat
0 help me please! im stuck in this dryer and can't get out
1 yes donald. that sounds good i once built a wall too
1 we raped your women, pillaged your land and murdered you the most but now, i baptise you in the name of the father
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
0 i know you like her son, but you can't just pull a girls hair.. until she's 30 or so. they actually come around on this one
0 when your dick game is weak but your finger game is out of this world
1 please make them white
0 mixed vegetables
0 what thanksgiving at grandmas little house feels like
0 so there i was.. setting up economic miracles for the next president
1 where's jaws when you need him ?
0 a good day for us all in 2019 a bad day for everyone including muslims defend homeland security!
0 a wife is like a hand grenade remove the ring, and your house is gone
0 democrats claim daca kids shouldn't have to pay for their parent's crimes... ...but white people are still responsible for 17th century slave owners??
0 which is more important length or girth? turns out its consent
0 girls group selfie boys group selfie
0 when your crush says love girls who smoke
0 want to know who gives a fuck? prostitutes
0 white kids be like im killing everybody
1 you send us to the middle east to fight, suffer & die; then, turn & invite these scumbags into usa what kind of stupid are you?
0 until i invented the internet there was no medium for widespread, theatrical, self-affirming expressions of moral superiority
0 bravery at its finest
0 take them to the zoo they said they'll learn something new they said
0 and just like that... this sandwich maker doubles as ironing board
0 i'm getting some jello tonight!
0 you told us that cannabis has no medicinal value our lab results determined that was a lie..
1 666 6 protons 6 neutrons 6 elektrons 666 is the chemical make up of black people! not any beast... unlearn their bullshit !
1 9/11 gets a mourning day while gays get a "pride" month because homosexuality is a bigger tragedy
0 a stork might bring you a baby but a swallow never will
0 protect america from boatloads of refugees fleeing scandinavia's socialist tyranny
0 this is my hobby to work on car engines
1 welcome to the generation where mental illness is glorified
1 black people started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards.. those sneaky white people
1 a tranny goes to profile opens inbox "lemme suck your dick"
0 everyone told me you gonna be a blessing
0 ah the young they blow up so quickly
1 someone get me the goddamn tranny mulcher
1 the one piece of shit that just won't flush!
0 millions of kills, 1 death what a fucking camper
1 assad: my son exploded better than yours, lol hamid:
0 and fight to kill these why do liberals fight to keep these
0 christmas tree o christmas tree your ornaments are history
0 in 1948 women were allowed to join the army
0 let's end racism
0 lets hope that one day our landfills don't look like this anymore
1 i don't always marry first graders.. ...but when i do i wait until they are third graders before i violate them like my goats stay violent, brutal, and backward my friends
0 i have no idea what i'm doing with my life
0 i have yet begun to defile myself
1 when you ask them if they're having a seizure but they just spasm on the ground instead of answering you all right, then. keep your secrets
1 i don't want to grow up to be abused as a muslim sex slave. please ban islam. #goatlivesmatter
0 my cult thank you for believing in my bullshit
1 a muslim was here
0 knock, knock. who's there not this bitch [ obviously ]
1 what do you call pool full of handicap people? vegetable soup
1 i can put up with muslims killing canadians but i absolutely will not tolerate canadians criticizing muslims
0 when your homie throws a heart react on your status just fucking kiss me, man
0 what i'm really thinking when i like all your pictures
0 uh oh, guess what day it is trump day
1 so you are telling me american gypsies are just white trash
0 i just hired a gorgeous blond swede with big tits and long legs as babysitter anyone know where i can find a baby like real quick?
1 handjob sold separately
0 what do you call a black guy in a tree with a briefcase ... a black guy with briefcase
0 him: "you have to respect our religious beliefs" me:
0 hello there
0 never forget harambe died to teach us the importance of strong borders
0 in 2014, i helped put together and signed a $25 billion dollar deal to fund a border wall. now, trump wants $5 billion for a border wall well i'm gonna bitch, cry, piss and moan just because he's a republican and wants it
0 it's not rape it's a snuggle with a struggle
1 nana addo 2016 compare the difference
0 675 days under investigation, constant media slander, no collusion! this man deserves an apology!
0 offended you are? a shit i don't give
1 i'm awesome on the piano but i suck on the organ
0 i think it's great when women succeed at work 'specially considering their disadvantage
1 once you go black you don't go back
0 what she thinks you're doing when you don't answer your phone what you're actually doing
0 it says right here i can have multiple wives !
0 friday vibe be like
0 the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
0 the best way to get through life is to keep on smiling
0 who needs help getting into the u.s i can help
0 at sunset in piazza vittorio the islamic community commemorated with a public prayer
0 pot holes what a great way to wake you up
0 the hollow coa$ter
0 me and the boys on black friday morning
0 i was raped in jail mom. dad's taking monopoly way too seriously
0 hard to argue with a woman that's braless when she's already made two oustanding points
0 so i bent him over like this and i made sure he felt the lord inside him
1 the internet has apparently named him 'macho ma'am tranny savage"
0 our platform is simple regain power, destroy the economy, impeach trump
0 oh, you got offended by a post on the internet? you must be new here
0 new dishwasher came in today missing a few parts though .
0 the democrat agenda 1. impeach trump 2. raise taxes 3. shield illegals 4. gun control 5 weaken america share immediately if you have had enough!
0 i'm gonna get me some glow in the dark shoes so i can enlighten your ass
0 telling a girl you jerk off to her is the ultimate compliment, with all the free porn there is, she was chosen
0 the only people i owe my loyalty to are those who never made me question theirs
0 i hear in heaven they have a huge pasture with pretty goat women
0 i lost my mom somewhere! what's she like ? big cocks and vodka
1 we must liberate ourselves from all muslims
0 keeping your dishwasher clean will make it last longer
1 a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in
1 strike fear in the hearts of the infide.. shut! up!
0 treaty of versailles: *exists* nazi germany: what the fuck is that even supposed to mean?
0 someone's been getting more than 50 cents a day
0 sen mitt romney wall declaration let's make this his last term wwg1wga! utah voted against trumps emergency
1 muslims conservatives hating jews
1 thanks to john deere black lives haven't mattered for a long time
0 someone shoot this bitch
1 little white person please leave before my ancestors tell me to kick you off this mountain
1 i've got 99 problems and downs syndrome is one
1 so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
1 mississippi wind chime
0 it's the this is the qur'an islamic sacred book
1 when you're the only girl at the gang bang
1 things men do that upset women.. 1. lie. 2. be honest. 3. not talking to them 4. talking to much to them. 5. not showing any emotions. 6. being too emotional. 7. breathing
1 sea monkeys
0 i see american troops coming this way
1 i'z elijah cummings massa i be's a good party of slavery house negro
0 saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys
0 finds out those 72 virgins... are goats
0 this chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe!
0 what is he hiding? we need to see his tax returns! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30,000 emails, used bleach bit on hard drives then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about people hiding anything truth uncensored
0 i got a text fresh meat at the market
0 went to wal-mart and had a bit of fun
1 well split my dick and call me caitlyn
0 safe horns goat style
1 the look he gives you when you're the new goat in town
1 i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher him: me too!
1 notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
1 when you stop burning jews and start burning calories
1 this chick can't stand fishing
0 and there i was giving epstein a blow job
0 ultimate cuddle buddy give lots of pets and treats
0 in the north they shovel snow, but in the south we shovel ashes
0 when she wants someone to sweep her off her feet
1 thanks jews! the gift of 911
0 women recieve support as their crops burn
1 get in loser we're invading poland
0 mark zuckerberg approves!
0 when you see a commercial about starving kids in africa i missed the part where that's my problem
0 "democrats have a difficult time connecting with voters because of how smart we are... because we know so much." ~ sen. mazie hirono (d hi
0 the greatest sacrifice
0 when you realize tomorrow is monday
0 kids in africa dancing and having a good time
1 farmersonly.com... where white trash meet other white trash
0 those protestants up to no good as usual
0 when i'm at the beach and need sun block spray it all over me
1 who are you looking for? '' my white rich daddy! ''
0 the pose with the squad no matter where ya at
1 what is the similarity between a matcha and a human? the black ones don't work
0 if you see something, say something my wife has a dick
0 i don't want illegal immigrants in my home district but i want open borders so they can be in yours
0 true love is an emotion
0 who ya gonna call? goat fuckers
0 neve let a child  go hungry
0 told you back in 1980 the bushes were liberals in republican clothing, just like mccain
0 muslim woman wearing a burka
0 they struck our colors and raised their own if you are not pissed, then you are part of the problem!
0 i am thinking about investing my money
0 they can kill the messenger but they can't kill the message
0 me thinking about lunch 5min after clocking in
0 friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
0 new seatbelt design: 45% less car accidents!!
0 i don't know how to deal with black people but i guess i'll take a shot at it
1 after group sex mohammed is very tired
0 how do you do, fellow kids? i am your new highly approachable candidate eager to share a beer
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
0 mohammed i'm pregnant...
1 when you got an itch on your back that you can't reach but your white friend got you
0 cat's when they hear the bag open
0 for the last time leave big foot alone
1 i don't want no windmill blowin no cancer on me!
0 i believe the victim... the victim is kavanaugh! -candace owens
0 how we see muslims how muslims see us
0 for those of you ignorant to history there has already been a "march for our lives" and they were already disarmed!
0 run forrest!!! run!!! :d
1 the hardest part of breaking up with her is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
0 man survives a kodak bear attack with just a 22 pistol the friend he shot in the knee was not as lucky
1 loses hair from chemo doesn't have to shave pussy
0 when you forget that your blind friend has a heightened sense of smell bro. chop a fuckin line up for me
1 when you haven't stolen anything, used snap benefits or been loud at the movies for a few weeks
0 i hate 3 things: vampires. werewolves and witches
1 stop using other's cultures to fill up your empty white settler soul
1 if you blow their churches, we will open our mosques for them to pray #terrorist have no religion
1 no more excuses european americans are generational squatters
0 your race card has been declined do you have another form of argument?
0 muslim seeking equal education
0 wtf am i wearing
0 teacher of the year for black community
1 when your boss volunteers you for the next suicide bombing
1 i'm a moderate muslim. that means that while other muslims are putting bombs on your buses and raping your children, i'll be telling you that islam is peaceful protesting when you insult my religion and lobbying your government to take away your free speech
1 let me get this "straight" muslims hate...- me- want to kill ..-me- so i gotta give up... my guns?
0 1 st graders: rain rain go away come again another day rain: it's a simple spell but quite unbreakable
0 always buy the bigger bottle better safe than sober
0 one does not simply scroll past adult humor memes
1 shit... the dishwasher is broken again!
0 when you're barbecuing and the charcol runs away
0 48 year old white women when they see an actually good meme how can you read this? there's no minions
0 tell me again how stupid that sounds
1 "transgenderism" is a mental illness, not an "identity" mandating public acceptance is sociopathic tyranny
0 had secret door before it was cool
0 either this works or i'm screwed
0 when you chop onions
0 mexican sub culture in california
1 why not share! so i thought fuck it, anjem choudary wants this removed because he says it insults islam
1 i sincerely apologize for my comments that offended those dirty jews
0 this is steve, he lives with both parents, who both work. no one in his family has a middle name in their facebook name, like javeon doingbigthings jackson. everyone in his family can swim
0 the hardest challenge is acceptance
0 how y'all look celebrating the customs of your oppressors
1 rashida tlaib said that her ancestors created a safe haven for jewish people fleeing wwii
1 you know like when the tv doesnt work you give it a hard hit and then its all better
0 meanwhile in summer camp
0 you never realize how little self control you actually have until chips and salsa are in front of you at the mexican restaurant
0 do i hear flutes, drums and the sash
0 that's gayer than cum on a mustache
1 we all promised that we would never let them be forgotten yet we are putting them in power to invade
0 if you have a fire arm in the house teach your family about gun safety!
0 he owns an ice cream shop
1 i love it when women go to school. it's like seeing a monkey on roller skates: it means nothing to them, but it's so adorable for us
1 when a cop pulls his gun on you but you're white gotcha
1 asked my middle eastern coworker if he was going to blow something up this week
0 me getting euthanized
0 do you have any idea how fast you were going
0 have you ever noticed the only time republicans smile is when they are taking away things from the american people?
0 "where did you learn to make kool-aid like that britney?"
1 why are the french protesting high taxes that pay for their free shit didn't they protest to get the free shit nobody said they were smart
0 "i hope the electoral college gets beat in the ncaa tournament"
1 i now declare you sir faggot sucker of cocks
0 what if punk is just gangsta rap for white kids
0 po' baby.. just don't know no damn better.
0 an indian an african american and a mexican walk into a bar...just kidding! it's just three white liberals
0 it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the entire plot to undermine the trump presidency forget the russians, here is the real enemy!
0 halal... is it meat you're looking for?
0 r.i.p trayvon martin
1 dishwasher for sale missing parts
0 getting blitzkrieged? just say no the wehrmacht legally cannot take any of your sovereign nations without your consent
1 when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
1 democrats say we have to excuse my anti-semitism because i was raised in a different culture not because my fellow believers might blow them up
0 it warms my heart seeing fathers spending time woth their kids
1 take advantage of u.n. and foreign aid-funded housing and benefits "death to the west!"
1 black people: *exist* lmm: it's free real estate
0 obama voters
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 you talk like a fag and your shit's all retarded
1 when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
1 can't wait for 2019. suspect is a gender fluid , assigned male at birth wearing non gender specific clothing born caucasian,but identifies as a mountain panda
0 poor children of every color picked cotton open a book and gain some knowledge
0 brother.... a day without peace is a day wasted
1 person i chase: *shows clear signs he doesn't want to do anything with me* me: i'm gonna pretend i didn't see that
1 with black power comes no responsibility
0 when you already started eating and someone says "lets pray"
1 smashed potatoes
0 to all of you that are constantly in my notifications, liking and sharing my posts it doesn't go unnoticed you fuckers are awesome
0 smoochies from donald on your birthday!!!
1 not sure which gender you are? look in your underwear you're welcome
1 got a new slow cooker
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
0 imma ask this question only once who's got my fucking lighter
1 oh no she's broken!
1 trapping in my day, was called slavery
0 still wondering why i was sweating watching cops
1 the hardest part of breaking up with a japanese girlfriend is having to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
1 muslim children at a pop concert why are people attacking us?
0 i'm tired, boss. mostly i'm tired of people being ugly to each other
1 damnit! dishwasher's broke again
0 that's enough facebook for today this sammich isn't going to make itself
0 while he lives in us. what do you mean? marry a 6 years old when you tell him he can't
0 fuck you america!
1 help im downing
1 why is cocaine white? because it actually works
0 illegal immigration the cowboy way we'll know them if they try to come back in!
1 i just squirted tranny fluid
0 if a man wants you, he will come and get you
1 this octopus is so under-cooked that the japanese are still trying to use it for tentacle porn!
1 who's there knock, knock. not this bitch [ obviously ]
0 proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
0 what men want
1 when the school shooter fires at the retarded kid, but it ricochets off of his helmet and kills the shooter
1 77 years after pearl harbor and it still hurts but just 17 years after 9/11 and we want to move them here and adopt their laws in american cities
0 when black people say they are native american
0 what part of "i didn't find shit" do you libtards not understand?
0 "liberal whites are the greatest enemy of african americans." -james meredith james merideth is a republican, an author, and most notably the first black student admitted to the university of missippi
0 did you say dude blew his tire???
1 wendy williams transvestigation! drag queen!
0 don't push someone away and expect them to still be there when you're ready
0 when the mexican lady at taco bell messes up your order
0 behind this smile is an evil man known as hitler
0 equality in the work place at its finest
0 but i wont do that will you let me come home i would do anything for love
0 when your team wins the world cup
1 after group sex mohammed is very tired
0 why u add me troll no trolls allowed !!! you the feds?
0 bestfrand !! how my eyelashes look ?
0 happy birthday you dirty cocksucker
0 this is how ignorant people will see rashida tlaib
1 actually retard, the muslims aren't the problem the problem is that pussies are stopping us from killing the muslims
0 a man's trash is a pig's treasure
0 when your trying explain why you were out last night with the boys . "look honey"
0 what did you hear on the wiretap, barry? he said he really is going to make america great again
1 look son... another terror attack by peaceful muslims!
1 im mixed with what? gorilla and rhino
0 snakes can open their mouth wider to consume larger animals
0 members of the white supremacist movement
0 we are all suffering
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 when you just ate dinner and that starving children commercial comes on
0 how many people does it take to change the world
0 when you're on your lunch break considering not going back
0 the look he gives you when you're the new goat in town
1 i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
0 they burned my flag because it offended them. i didn't like their shutters
0 president trump has suggested random drug tests be performed on members of congress
1 mama i just killed a man
1 bitch please go back to england
0 islam is 1400 years old terrorism started about 50 years ago. after the west started invading middle eastern countries if you're looking for the root cause, here it is
1 this has nothing to do with this post but i have 2 barely fucked goats for sale
0 we swore we'd never forget, then we took them in and elected them to office
0 we need to be like new zealand new zealand banned rifles, then move to new zealand bitch
0 flowers for martin luther king day
0 men be like im finally ready to settle down
0 i said glass of orange not glass of apple juice
0 public talking
1 shoot boy, i ain't racist i've got four black tires and a color tv
1 the answer to the age-old question, does a bear shit in the woods? answer... yes they do! answer... yes they do! and here is scientific proof and here is scientific proof
0 if you find talk in the locker room to be offensive you have obviously never heard the talk in a restaurant kitchen before
0 we're getting ready to go march for free college care to join?
1 this is lynn. lynn got a watch for her birthday. just kidding. she hasn't opened her present yet
0 he is proving that grown adults can be a bully
0 healthcare for muslims
1 when you cant get the dog to go outside and pee
0 my neighbour ordered a blow-up doll from a muslim sex shop
1 im living in downtown
0 when men ask for my number, i give them my ex's number so when they call looking for me, he'll know i'm getting men regardless
0 when she throws on your sweater while you're at her house
1 kermit the frog definitely not a muslim
1 every muslim is allowed to have sex with his female slave.if he does not have female slave and wife is not at home his lust with sheep or then he must release goat- dr.zakir naik
0 gmc short for give me cock
0 hey muslims eat me!
0 kanye west? we lost some good men there
1 we will take over politically, oust the constitution establish sharia law, and behead all non- muslims, right in the streets of america
0 chaos is about to begin, anons. and no one does chaos like the us military. stick around, it's gonna be a helluva ride!
0 who let the dogs out !
1 anne frankly i don't care
1 sweet home allahbomber
0 i don't like to admit it but i have this mustache to hide a mole
0 never give up no matter what
1 got braces friend told me "you're so black, even your teeth are behind bars"
0 when i eat breakfast vs mornigs when i don't
0 hurry up barack will be home soon
0 when you dress up for dinner at your girlfriend's house parent's house
0 close your eyes 50% you'll see both of the pics are similar
0 what can i say.. i swear like a sailor and say please and thank you like a saint. i'm complicated
1 men are pigs some just oink louder than others
0 white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
0 when you can't wait to get home and eat them left overs
1 a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in! 18 years after 9/11 and this is where we are at?
0 if you don't like it here then leave
1 trump better deal with these muslims before they kill me
0 should we tell them? or just let them figure it out for themselves?
0 finally synthetic watermelon
1 all men should be disarmed preferably both arms
0 bombers under attack
0 the look you give when your husband would rather fuck a goat then you
1 prospective without white '' ''
1 how they see themselves how god sees them!
0 what's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? a: oral sex makes your day, but anal sex makes my hole weak
0 that face she makes when ahmed hits the g-spot
1 today in the news more 'peaceful muslims" blowing up shit
0 partial arts
0 don't ever let a man do this to you
1 hates europeans, christians, buddhists, atheists, gays, dogs, ham, wine, beer, your civilization,your culture, your hates europeans, christians, buddhists, atheiests traditions, your country, and you.. complains about "islamophobia"
0 when my girl pissed me off but she runs through the room in her draws me my dick
0 my sister gave me this haircut after i fucked her
0 this chocolate brown dress looks good on you
1 when the air hostess gives you two extra slice of bread and a pack of milk but you still have to blow up the plane anyway musalman
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
0 the crusades because nothing says "join our religion or we will slaughter you with our army of mercenary assassins" christianity
0 almost hoodie and bonfire weather
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 because they love you they want this not they need to mix breed to preserve their species
0 being blind never stopped ray charles from achieving his dreams
0 & chill i thought i you said netflix no i said "here, take this pill
0 do you like tapes and cd's? cause ima tape my dick to your forehead so you can cd's nuts
0 this is what happens when you're gay in a muslim country
0 i am a crocodile!
1 me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
1 white people have no right to live in africa... .. but it's a blackman's right to live in any european country he chooses?
0 in most countries, traitors are killed. in america, they join the democrat party
0 feeling cute may go out with my cousins later
0 mindfuck when you shit bricks, you'll see it
1 playing 'guess who' in 2018 is your character keep guessing you a man or transphobic a woman? bigot... there are 59,734 genders
0 michael j fox will always be marty mcfly to me
0 geez, you offer someone a sincere compliment on their mustache and suddenly she's not your friend anymore
0 anjem choudary wants this removed he said it insults islam. so i thought fuck it why not share
0 no means no, unless she's dyslexic then it's on
0 for another year older you don't look so baaaaa'd
0 there is difference between violating muslims and other muslims dont get confused
0 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
1 "i hate the word homophobia it's not a phobia why would i be scared of a faggot?"
0 i gave that bitch a plunger 'cause bitches love bringing up old shit
0 bethelem celebrates eid and christmas with air-soft guns for the youth
1 rev al sharpton that gorilla was 17 black and unarmed
1 free tommy robinson hes are nashunal hero!!! today i'll prove you're the dad!
0 when eminem found out he couldn't be a juggalo !
0 free wilber
1 i'm not racist my drug dealer is black
0 go shorty hit your birth weight
0 so what you are saying is that the left wants everyone to look different as long as they all think the same?
1 how does he drive his car? he hits the gas
0 cleaned up my friends list before it was cool
0 the enemy has infiltrated congress the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasto-cortez
0 young african boy faces mental illness while in poverty
0 happy 4th of july
1 when you found out your wife is cheating on you
0 don't be racist, we can be great friends
0 when you poke holes in his condoms and get aids instead of a baby
1 when you are that ugly you don't have a choice
1 hey dont blame me for a bad economy! you wanted me just to kill muslims for you!
1 once you go black you are forever a single mom
1 i don't see "color" or "race" because i make sure to surround myself only with white people
0 these dogs watched over so many black families in the 90's
1 when muslim parents use the "open wide, here comes the airplane" technique do they just smash it in the baby's face and make explosion noises?
1 damn bruh ann frank sister thicc af no wonder the holla cost famous for it shower scenes lmao
1 when your german grandfather teaches you how to make gingerbread houses
1 feed the greed hello i'm sir trevor chinn i control tom watson by money it's what zionists do
0 what do they want? to kill more
1 who said that women can't park
0 i'm just gonna file that under "who give's a shit?"
0 what guys envision lesbian look like what lesbians really look like
0 it says right here we can bang goats
0 any drugs or alcohol? no thanks i'm already fucking wasted
0 everyone talking about protecting minority rights needs to remember there is no smaller minority than the individual
0 is that ass a school ? b'cuz i want to shoot some kids in it !
0 handjob sold separately
0 women will be women
0 when we're finished with fashion trends
1 luckily she's so fat or it never would have fit
0 i've been told to take a shower all of my life
0 man buns you don't look like a samurai, you look like a soccer mom
1 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
1 femenist: all men are evil, and must be castrated because they're all capable of and want to commit rape me *waiting in line at best buy*
0 dating in 2018 i just want a girl who laugh at my racist jokes and cuddle me is it to much to ask!
1 when you take a africa bottle of water to
0 this rape survivor and the man who raped her have teamed up to tell their story
1 does this burka make my bomb look big?
1 tresspass on federal land and we'll stalk, hunt, and kill you....... ...unless you are mexican
1 see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them jewsy medium rare is best
0 god created this not that
1 can you name 3 words better than "i love you?" death to america, of course,
1 i sad glass of juice not gas the jews
1 what do you call pool full of handicap people? vegetable soup
0 who was the greatest prostitute in history? ms. pacman for 25 cents she swallowed balls until she died
0 that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you remember your a changed man
1 when youre having a good day then remember that bl*ck people are living better than you off your tax dollars
1 i put the ape in rape
1 happy cinco de ported!
0 did we just become best friends? yep! wanna trade fucked up memes? yep!
0 well, there it is the stupidest fucking thing i've seen all day
1 i just found out mexican babies come out just like the food
0 i asked him to see things from my point of view he just looked at his computer
0 every refrigerator has a crisper drawer which is a great place to hide your vegetables while they rot
0 symbrachydactyly is when you're born with abmnormal limbs
1 picked up 2 new pillows and dishwasher at the flee market winner winner chicken dinner
0 happy birthday the mexicans will pay for your birthday cake
1 cracker ass cracker! kiss my ass, cracker ass cracker!
1 let me salute to hitler the great he said "i would have killed all the jews of the world, but i kept some to show the world why i killed them"
1 aids gays it really be like that
1 when the media blames all violence on black people we've forgotten the crackers!
0 if you're going black friday shopping be a decent human being and turn your phone horizontal before recording any fights
0 pray for your sins
0 impregnable to logic
0 safe sex isis style
0 the jews have a tragic history
0 trusting people has made me the asshole i am today
1 sea monkeys
0 of duty call new zealand
1 domestic violence 2017 what level you on now? this chicken is cold,bitch!!
1 eww! your gayness is showing
0 how long for the mot on the vw dave? just doing the emissions...
0 talks about good morals day and night gets a boner from looking at a goat's ass
1 there was no other way. why my wife and i decided to abort our unborn gay son
0 if i dont fuck with you this is how i act if youre around
0 shut up ontario
0 allah is watching you
0 1 plus 1 equals 57 it dosent well fuck u
1 the perfect game doesn't exis......
0 monkey blood
0 muslims offend me
0 my irony meter just exploded
0 british judges wear wigs to avoid from being identified by criminals
0 i'm sorry i made the chewbacca sound but maybe if you shaved next time...
0 how africans eat their food mmmm....... delicious
0 taxes...i love them you pay.... and the illegals .......for free stay rain tax..gas tax... highest property tax in country it never ends
0 picture of the day
1 and then i told them you're going on a fun camping trip
1 guys i think my dog has autism lmao
1 just ordered the new anne frank puzzle
1 "never forget" - you said. i am the proof you have forgotten
0 it's not rape if you're a democrat
1 nazi war criminal gives one last sieg h owing his allegiance to his fuhrer befo being hung at the nuremberg trials colorized
0 when your sister gives you some good information
0 i was going to make a joke about us but then i got distracted
1 her : he's probably thinking about other girls... him : how do blind people know when to stop wiping their ass?
0 this could be us right now but the fucking apocalypse got rescheduled again
1 spiders be like black people.. not all of them are dangerous, but still, you don't want one in your house
0 introducing honky kong
1 see? i fuckin told you! a little foil on top keeps them jewsy
1 white trash nation
0 and that was the last time we let uncle larry babysit
0 when i try to fit in with other people
0 ''did you know princess diana had dandruff?'' ''oh yes, yes, they found her head and shoulders on the dashboard''
0 muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
0 the floor is jews
1 imagine a world with no muslims... just imagine that peace
0 red bull gives you wings vodka gives you 4x4
0 go home stoned eyes give nothing away
0 i used to provide therapy for those afflicted with aberrant behaviors! now instead those behaviors are celebrated!
0 talk about that for a team photo
0 if your grandma's couch was always covered in plastic it's because she was a squirter
0 when you wore the wrong thawb
1 adult diapers for complete shitheads
1 him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing? him: chopping fucking vegetables
0 when they're not picking up the phone at the pizza place
0 love is love
0 i don't always fuck midgets but when i do, i go balls deep
0 if you don't want to get raped, just say yes well boys we did it, rape is no more
0 when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday (sad racist noises)
0 for sale antique farm equipment
1 please give me more white nessa fanarts i can't cum to nigger
1 april 15 tax reminder don't forget to pay your taxes. 21 million illegal aliens are depending on you! muchas' gracias!
1 yes sir..! that's a cock
1 non-members members-only gate let me in. autistic reaction let me iiiiiin
0 i am jealous of her she's so pretty
1 dark humor is like food not everyone gets it
1 chloroform puts the sensual back into non-consensual
1 got kicked out of the hospital. apparently, the sign "stroke patients here" meant something completely different
0 im going to pee in the house
0 feeling cute. might kill 6 million later...idk
0 american soldiers praying in jesus name that they don't have to go overseas for the holidays
0 we could destroy all of them but we let some of them survive so you know why we did it
0 are my sins forgiven now father ?
0 yes hello, maria? your uber has arrived
0 i protested trump today mommy oo00h, who's my big boy
1 i work hard to provide for my cocaine addiction
1 when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
0 let me play with the chew toys
1 execute a plan to accept your actual born sex you'll be happier when you do
0 2+2 is potato minus 1 is poo quick math!
0 fucks a goat fucks a goat
1 dem goys after they've exterminated every jew on god's green earth they had us in the first half, not gonna lie
0 i dont lift so that doesnt make me sexy? wallet and pay for all the shit you want. i bet its sexy when i lift my wallet and pay for all the shit you want
0 sometimes in life, we hang on tight to the wrong things
0 if this is banned in islamic countries in western countries? shouldn't this be banned
0 "never forget" -you said.. i am the proof you have forgotten
1 i want white people and aspirins out of this country why? because they are white and they work!!!
0 breaking: rep. ilhan omar broke federal tax law she filed her taxes jointly with a man to whom she was not legally married
1 whitesox ticket: $55 beer: $8 hot dog: $6 watching a muslim from kenya throw a 28 mph fastball like an 8 yr old little girl: priceless
0 fun day at the pool !!
0 a brown girl studying for example
1 dick so good it made my pussy retarded
0 happy hump day! almost there .
0 catch me outside how bout dat i'll catch my damn self outside
0 it's peanutbutter jelly time!!!!
1 when you realize that "ginger" is just the n-word, rearranged
0 omg he's mad
0 when you find out the blood of children is the secret to everlasting life
1 on this day, the 25th of march, 1920, the black and tans arrive in ireland... they are given a warm welcome
0 wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating!
0 apparently you can get a pull start on your dishwasher, who knew
0 family from mexico crossing border
1 when you let your ethiopian child sexslave swallow your cum i am a generous god
0 hitler giving a speech
0 stomp on my flag i'll pound your ass
0 do you know why i pulled you over? because you scored low on the asvab?
0 lizzie velasquez was born with a rare disease and is now a motivational speaker
1 there's only one way you 'negotiate'with islam. you kill it with extreme prejudice."
0 i'm going trans hunting
1 cannibalism
0 how women win an argument
1 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
1 hardest thing about burning a church my dick
1 have you ever tried ethiopian food? neither have they
1 what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer? ash
0 my first act? getting rid of the smell he brought to the house
1 when i grow up... lol nevermind
0 after group sex mohammed is very tired
1 i'm not gay, but for 20$ you can ramit inmah ashol
0 the day i realized i didn't need no bitch to bust a nut
0 relax... we're all crazy... it's not a competition
0 don't park to close to my truck boy!
0 when she likes her hair pulled
1 if there are no blacks there would be no racism
1 "why do "white people" own so many pets ? because we're not allowed to own people anymore "
0 you've been hungerstruck!!
0 ahmed i love you too
0 burkas are really good for sun protection
1 "women, you have to treat them like shit." - donald trump
1 this head diaper is proof indians have poo poo in their brains still not defamation
0 real men pray for each other they don't hate on each other
0 lgbtq pride
0 because of trump i got fired from my job
1 ernie remembers the brave soldiers who fought before him. tonight, he would reenact their bold acts by smashing through his jewish neighbors glass window
1 when you type fidget spinner but it autocorrects to midget spinner
0 turn that frown upside down
0 when your man a dog but yo monkey ass stay with him
0 pelosi warns a future democratic president could declare a national emergency to ban guns i seem to recall that a previous government tried this in the 1700's and we shot them...
0 help the needy worldwide!
1 arrest black babies before they become criminals
0 great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
0 goes on ancestry.com instead of match.com
0 two powerful women in our country
0 oompa loompa doompeda dee! if you hit that, it will burn when you pee!
0 the look you give your friend when you know hes lyin
1 doctor: take this medicine after food african kid:
0 the past will not be forgotten but may the chains be broken free
1 execute a plan to accept your actual born sex. you'll be happier when you do
0 you sicced all of your corrupt goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons. let's see how you all come out!!!
1 when you've finally become a cop and see a black guy this is where the fun begins
0 kid with cancer: so when i get out of the hospital i'm going to join you? the avengers visiting him:
0 you & your best friend vs me and my best friend
0 gun range? i think you mean 2nd amendment theme park
1 if i had a dollar for every racist thing i've said... some black motherfucker would probably rob me
0 when you play with your friends with your favorite toys
0 six kids, no husband, no job, and food stamps $10,000 back in income taxes
1 when you nut in the arab girl and she has a normal orgasm you were supposed to explode!
1 upper downer
0 nothing more beautiful than ironed clothes
1 i'd like the porn in my room to be disabled we only have regular porn you sick bastard
0 after goat herding mohammed is very tired
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 stop crying that was only one finger
1 after wwii, i said 'we defeated the wrong enemy.' now, you are bankrupt surrounded by perverts and enemies. was i right?!
0 stop illegal immigrants they're taking the land we stole
0 their average height is a 169cm (men) and 159cm (women) a few cm below average
0 best part of fucking twenty-nine year olds? there's twenty of them
0 myth: gingers don't have souls fact: gingers earn a freckle for everey soul they steal
0 breaktime
1 all aboard the jew jew train
0 when your human says "who' s a good girl?" and you already know it's you
1 protect america from boatloads of refugees fleeing scandinavia's socialist tyranny
0 leave your child or pet in a car on a hot day we'll open the window for you
0 this lady is not amused
0 can you tag your friend tell them i found their baby pic
0 and that's how you load a magazine into the gun
0 crackers gonna crack
1 obama voters
0 why is it when your wife or girlfriend gets pregnant, all her friends rub he belly and say "congratulations!" but nobody rubs your dick and says "good job" "
0 this time, our president is not your muslim brother
0 when you can't afford a new dishwasher so you hit the rusty one and make it work
1 when your black neighbor is being too noisy
0 cool tanks drive away from explosions without looking back
0 bf takes me to french restaurant i'll have the chicken strips please
0 when you have to have more than one kind of broom to keep your place clean
0 wanna race? sure, first one to the tree
1 look! a blow up doll!
0 big bird's species were mostly scavengers but like the turkey vulture, they would attack weakened prey
1 when your dishwasher asks you to take out the trash  i think it has a mind of its own
1 lies that people say to themselves being human he thinks he's a equal rights they think they deserve normal they think they are
0 musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
0 this one time at camp we got so baked
1 when the porn video features a tranny but then 'she' turns out to be a midget too you had my curiosity but now you have my attention
0 i hate racist jokes you heard juan, you heard jamal
1 what's the difference between a jew and a pizza a pizza doesn't scream in the oven
1 ever hear something so stupid it gives you forest whitaker eye
1 when your goat tells you she ain't on the pill
1 sure cancer is bad but you know what's worse? nigas
0 these were the men protesting there right
0 shhh...the christians think this holiday is about jesus. wait until they discover it's traditionally celebrated with orgies!
0 just a man and his dog his dog companion
0 how hungry people eat their food mmmm.... delicious
1 mexicans are rapist i'm lovin' it happy hump day bitch
1 tranny jesus died for your eyebrows
1 israel's target practice one child's eye is a mistake. one hundred fifty-nine is a policy
0 when you're still fucked from last night's bender and sunglasses aren't gonna cut it
0 i am ready to serve my first term
0 not my president literally
0 how you look when someone says something stupid
0 i'm not saying it was aliens but it was aliens
1 when you see muslims at bunnings buying pool chemicals and fertilizer
0 i don't need you to tell me how fuckin good my memes are... i get reported all the fuckin' time
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
0 hillary clinton against the death penalty. gallows are pure evil . anyone who still practices this form of execution is sick
1 you are so queer it could be raining titties and you would still get hit in the face with a dick
1 blame it all on my roots, i showed up in boots.. and ruined your jihad affair
0 bitches be like.. he got money though
1 hahaha good one let's burn 6 million to celebrate
1 they named us after the land mass they shipped us to! "the only difference between a dominican, puerto rican, cuban, jamaican, haitian, bahamian and african american is a boat stop."
0 how black people became christians
0 love comes in all shapes and sizes
0 i have tits give me free stuff
0 when you finally get to go outside after being in the barn all winter
0 horrifying photo from nuclear bomb
0 musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress. she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture" share to say arrest her now!
1 cash me auschwitz how bow dach
1 gays for islam islam for gays
1 yo dawg i heard you loved chinese food so we killed your cat
1 you think im scared of saying nigger?
1 you pick cotton to get to it because it's white, it works, and why don't black people like aspirin?
1 virgo you're both white trash quite frankly
1 when you want to win but you're already 5 down before you even start
1 where's jaws when you need him ?
1 mistakes come in all sizes
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 they had us in the first half, not gonna lie honey, having a small dick is not a big deal i know it darling, but i'd prefer if you did not have any
0 when you haven't stolen for over 2 weeks.
1 "the jew is the demon behind the corruption of mankind."
0 good things come to those who wait
0 how the ancestors look at you when you stupid
1 when you walk past the special ed classroom and see them gangbanging the teaher (jazz music stops)
1 next time don't get pregnant
0 i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
0 when you're conjoined twins, we often have the same thoughts
1 "whatcha thinkin' about, liberal cuck"? "antifa getting their asses kicked, crying about the election, loving islam goatshaggers, butt sex, crying, more crying, and stuff..."
0 how you look when youre black and you celebrate the 4th of july
1 that reminds me! it's time to fuck the goat!
1 with when you enter a mosque your weapon to collect some kills 71 yo afghan refugee: hello brother
1 kim davis says what hurts most is when people say god doesn' t love her. you know, what christians tell gay kids every single day
0 king's landing so hot right now
1 dishwasher for sale missing parts
0 and if i keep my arms like this i look like a teapot
0 the porn again christian
0 i am pro oxygen sweet beautiful oxygen liberals
0 excuse me?!? it is ma'am! ma'am! i will take you outside and show you a sir!
0 i sent him a picture of my vagina... and he said "he loves arby's too."
0 selling this anique farm equipment still works and runs like a champ. serious inquiries only
0 i bet they lived happily married
0 you took us to the wrong mountain bro
0 if her legs aren't shaking when you are done you're not done
0 no matter what i'll protect you
0 mexicans road trip
1 black on black
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 "when a guy says "i love you", he really mean it but when a girl says "i love you", she just want to sleep with you & hurt your feeling.
0 helen keller and her beloved cat, "mittens"
1 i just realized we know we don't want him in the same bathroom with our wives
1 as a group of feminists walk by, telly shouts "go make me a sandwich!" while kermit begins to whip out his dick
1 hellen keller and her boston terrier "phiz"
0 lebron james before he got his hairline fixed
0 happy birthday sugar tits
0 when you get a compliment out of the blue and have to try not to be bashful
0 when people are spreading rumors but you're unbothered
0 marital status?? in a relationsheep.
0 went outside today yolo
0 yes i ordered my justice department not to prosecute hillary clinton donald trump and to frame so what are you going to do about it
1 the wife said we needed a new coffee maker so i got one. her name is jill. the wife was not amused..
0 see here's your mistake you added a fuck that i didnt give
1 just bought my first slow cooker
0 what would kids think if we mixed punk with rap
0 when you're shy everytime your friend takes selfies
0 just trying to do my part
0 that look when your father sells you for a goat
0 hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
0 my goal for 2018 is to accomplish the goals of 2017 which i should have done in 2016 because i promised them in 2014 and planned them in 2013
0 what's the difference between you and a pizza? a pizza taste better
0 the feeling of the first dance
0 she was born at the same time as mlk jr. though you think of them as different eras
0 step one: turn on the gas
0 would you look at that this dryer comes with a free dishwasher
0 that one time when joe biden kept his hands to himself
0 fuck that puto!
0 that's a nice turkey sandwich  it's ha'am!
0 is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
1 when muslims attack be prepared to fight back
1 you're telling me i can't pick my bedtime but i can pick my gender?
0 i'm arresting you for public intoxication
0 damn i need some shades
1 dark humor is like good food not everyone deserve it ;
0 when your halloween make up stays on for to long
0 when your human stops petting you
0 i wish jew a happy brithday
0 vince foster going to tesitfy against her suddenly kills himself
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 when your little one brings home his first girlfriend
0 handjobs sold separately
1 pssst! the jews are the globalists that's what the term international jewry" meant. but don't tell anyone, you can't say "it's the jews"
1 that chicken was so black the police just arrested it
0 when you move away from india and find out you can't shit in the streets
1 "i went to walmart and picked up a new sandwich maker."
0 a serbian man
0 wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating
0 where's the interview with the police who murdered unarmed black men on video?
0 look! a beautiful muslim woman
0 time to play cowboys and muslims
0 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
0 when somebody ask's a jew why they are jewish... "i think of myself as above the average person "
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 racing for pink slips in south africa
1 handjobs sold separately
0 good morning sleepyhead
0 when you buy a nazi on aliexpress
0 he took me to the gucci store & said april fool bitch
1 black people started wearing their pants low, white people called it "saggin." spell saggin backwards... those sneaky white people
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
0 thats why we like you
1 what do you mean happy columbus day?
1 farm equipment and livestock don't mix
0 ma! the meatloaf!
1 crawling in mein skin these jews they will not heil!
0 chris brown and rihanna at an event
1 this sunday.. don't forget to set your bomb forward one hour
0 did someone say starbucks!?!
0 when your nails are on point
0 'those that attack one muslim, are attacking all muslims" those that attack one american, are attacking all americans!!
0 white people is this a shooting range?
1 uncle daddy says that i have to wash my pussy cos mummy says my brothers cock tastes different
0 what guys envision lesbian look like what lesbians really look like
0 "white people be like .. "hunting is a sport"
0 a gorilla dreaming that she was kim burrell
0 latinos will do anything to get into trump's america
0 my dong is only 3 inches that's not very - from the ground
1 when you run over antifa protestors and you hear one being dragged
0 damn they really out here thinking they making it to class
0 if you're sad about being alone on valentine's day, just remember nobody loves you on the other days of the year either
0 man of the year
1 when you slap your  dishwasher too hard
1 stop racism black children and white children are the same
0 when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
0 white kids dreaming about their first day of school
0 when you try to evade the school bell stampede
1 oh look my new wife arrived
0 me, the first time my sweet, beautiful baby boy ever brings a girl home to meet me. why don't you go back to your home on whore island?
0 finding a bomb in a video game
0 i long for the days before politcal correctioness when kids were allowed to play livestock management technicians and indigenous people
1 this is steve, he lives with both parents, who both work. no one in his family has a middle name in their facebook name, like javeon doingbigthings jackson. everyone in his family can swim
0 wax figure reconstruction of anne frank
0 i pull up in this and yell "come on we got some redneck sh*t to do" are you getting in?
0 really ? eating pork is a sin but marriage to a 6 year old is ok
1 when you haven't stolen for over 2 weeks.
0 man committing genocide armed with nuclear weapons, gunboats, helicopter gunships, tanks, bombers, bulldozers, drones and as many arms as he can buy with the $4 billion per year america gives him.. plays the victim
1 when a retarded chick stares at you in lazy eye i'm gonna stick my dick in the mashed potatoes!
0 who farted ?
0 this is how lesbians have sex
1 the latest toy has hit the shops it's a talking muslim doll nobody knows what the fuck its says, because no one has the guts to pull the string
0 chris rock gets his own netflix special in february 2018
0 shut the fuck up! feminists are not angry, tomboyish lesbians!
0 a handful of rich people should not run the country a handful of politicians should
0 look if you dont vote for me... i'll just import people who will
0 i got my hair did
0 who knew that this country is full of white trash
0 hello, i'm mark zuckerberg and i'm a no good cock sucker
0 for those of you ignorant to history there has already been a "march for our lives" and they were already disarmed!
1 first black guy to admit he is the father
0 i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
0 you gotta pump those numbers up those are rookie numbers
1 guys i think my dog has autism lmao
0 i am not racist and my best friends aren't either
0 fuck goat right in the asshole
0 i guess the jury liked pudding cause they pudding my ass in jail
0 if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
0 mein feelings have been hurt
1 armed with the knowledge that aids only kills the gays, ernie tells bert to take his new found gift and spread it to the masses
1 when you haven't robbed for a week
0 when you're still a week away from pay day and your car breaks down on you
1 what's black on top and white on bottom rape
0 white people know thyself
0 look son a traitor
0 that makes my lady junk tingle
0 feeling like a bad mom? quokkas toss their babies at predators so they can escape
1 how in the hell did we go from this.. to being afraid of offending muslims?!
0 x did you know that 1 out of 3 trump supporters are just as stupid as the other 2!
0 take one step at a time you have to crawl before you can learn to walk
1 is your girlfriend hot like me?
0 i don't understand your specific kind of stupid but i do admire your total commitment to it
0 do you like to barbeque cause i'm bout to slap this meat across your grill
0 muslims goats
1 i said glass of juice not gas the jews
0 how you feel after one night of drinking in your 30s
0 "i inherited a mess!" - donald trump no, you inherited a fortune. we elected a mess!
0 just figured out trump conned you? not too fucking bright, are you?
0 if you got your phone wet try leaving it in dry rice overnight. it will attract the water from the phone and fix your electronic for you
1 the microscopic view of a hemorrhoid
0 a typical white man
0 and then trump said i'm, like, a really smart person
0 if there's no one to hold your hand put your hands in your pocket and continue
1 you say islam is violent? i will kill you !
0 this has nothing to do with this post but one day i hope we can all live in a world of peace
0 no more excuses european americans are generational squatters
1 i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
0 japanese citizen watches as nuke drops on the 9th of august 1945 (colorized)
0 volkswagen cars produce more gaz than expected ach!! thats my car
1 this one time at camp   we got so baked
1 the difference between moderate muslim and radical muslim moderate muslim follow my allah or i kill you! radical muslim follow my allah or he kill you
0 islam is the religion of peace piece of you over here, piece of you over there
1 300 kg bomb vs 1000 kg bomb
0 hello chocolate paradise princess i'm albert
1 when you catch your goat with another man ya done fucked up
0 hitler looking sad af
1 send me a latina who's not crazy i don't know how to make them
0 he went to jail for your sins
0 skipped the last step on the stairs... earned jump wings
0 you've been hungerstruck!!
1 transgender female athlete biological female
0 we've been saved! from what? critical thinking?
1 antique farm equipment
1 she called me islamphobe so i gave her some sharia law!
0 when people are still talking about epstein's pedo ring after 3 mass shootings in a week you're going to need a bigger
0 transgenderman (fallonfox) brutally beats black woman in ufc match
0 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslims in congress 2019
0 when you just can't stop thinking about obama
0 if they don't like it here they can leave!
0 you may kiss the bride
0 the stupid is strong in this one
1 racing for pink slips in south africa
1 911 was personally difficult for me i lost 19 friends that day
0 when you can feel confident in yourself no matter your limitations
1 i see!
1 nobody: european jews after 1933: now we're the skeleton crew
1 how to talk to muslim people: wrong correct
1 "one man's trash is another man's treasure" is an awesome phrase... ...but it's apparently a horrible way to tell your kids they're adopted "
0 when each letter is awesome
0 i would love to be excited about the women's soccer team's victory. but, this guy ruined it for me
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 i made it out alive the democrats didn't get me
0 so, is there gonna be a storm or nah?
0 america is for americans period! i agree. why don't you go back to europe?
1 when the black kids start fighting at school
0 no to transphobes give trans people peace
0 people of religion reading the book
1 i'm an ex-muslim because "islam" means "submission" and i won't submit my life to the delusion of a child rapist
1 american salute british salute polish salute
0 what in tranation is this contraption
0 i'm just not happy being with you falcon punch!
0 if security is this important at our airports... ...shouldn't it be this important at our borders too?
0 claims to be pro-life dies
0 when you snap a photo with the friend that never smiles
1 i got kicked out of hogwarts for using black magic
1 this is not the middle-east where america is hated and muslim terrorist are born this is michigan
1 farmersonly.com... where white trash meet other white trash
1 so, 2 gay guys walk into a bar and pick up a tranny
0 forcing children into religion is child abuse. religion has to be taught. it's not natural 
0 just so we're clear at the same time democrats are refusing to secure our border they introduce legislation to disarm law abiding citizens are you trying to start a civil war? because that's how you start a civil war
1 when you're part of the real suicide squad
1 fuck obama fuck backlivesmatter fuck islam and double fuck allah
1 jewber: uber for jews
0 flash drive butt plug for when you really want to back that ass up
0 these are gangsters these are wankers
0 she said she wanted the "d" so i gave her diabeetus
0 stop saying we are terrorists muslims are not terrorists
0 when a thot gets gangbanged in area 51 another area 51 meme
0 trump supporters be like mexicans stole my teeth
1 im mixed with what? gorilla and rhino
1 when an indian man marries he scratches the dot off his wife's forehead to see if he's won a gas station, a motel, or a subway restaurant
1 what if i change my gender so i become the victim and not the rapist
1 when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
1 call of duty mosque edition
1 this offends me ban them do you agree?
1 just got his euthanasia forms signed, retard can't even read so i told him he got accepted into harvard lmfao
1 when you can't decide to pre heat the oven or just throw the meal in right away
1 that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
0 i like my noodles like this
1 when you insult a liberal intentionally
1 fuck off!! you muslim bastards, we didn't win 2 wars just to hand england over to you!!!
1 there are only two genders: male female
1 when she asks to move in but you already own a dishwasher
0 how pothead lesbians get stoned in the middle east islamic art
0 when you're a hard hitter
0 i sexually identify as thomas the tank engine
1 this flag represents white genocide
1 when your moms plastic and you're a spastic tragedy!!
0 marital status?? in a relationsheep.
1 when you look in your neighbor's yard and see an illegal immigrant mowing their lawn
1 everywhere: eats out africa: "we don't do that here"
0 claims that her ancestors created a safe space for jews these are her ancestors
0 it was at this moment jacob knew he fucked up
0 if theres even one homeless child in america we have no room for illegal aliens
1 oh boy i cant wait to pray at my favorite mosque on march 15th 2019
0 if this terrorizes you and this doesn't something is very wrong with you
0 game of the year 1817
0 you knew that was the wrong purse... are you serious!
0 when nazi germany would have won ww2 would there be a burger named mchitler?
0 the only thing that hinders you is your own motivation
0 did you hear that ? smells right ? lmao
1 whenever you feel stupid, remember this
0 documentary on the kkk premiers wednesday on fox
0 the flag flies high and proud
1 the world calls it: love god calls it: abomination
1 when the porn video features a tranny but then 'she' turns out to be a midget too you had my curiosity but now you have my attention
0 need a job? the democrat party is hiring no experience or intelligence required
0 why don't i get sunburnt i use sunscreen
0 the look you give your mans when he's cute but kinda dumb
1 mommy look! an indian man! don't look at them ricky. i don't want you to be influenced by...ohgodno rickyyy show bobs and vagene pls
0 child protective services takes away childrenfrom parents who don't vaccinate but they're perfectly fine with them
1 what's the deal with black people they're not black and they're not people
0 when u stop being shy around new people but u start getting annoying why are you like this
0 in soviet amerika... government limits you!!!
1 diary of a wimpy kid hard luck anne frank is one wimpy kid
0 when your finally starting to be accepted for who you are
0 hurry up and join us for play
0 america be like never forget get over it
0 when did you have lunch?
1 when you finally buy a dishwasher this works a lot better than a sponge
0 nascar fans getting drunk in the metal parking lot, earplugs, dumb heads vests with patches, going in circles, trailer trash, obsession with gear, raising hell, aviators, fast stuff, hangovers..
1 the spooks of hazzard
1 if only dogs could pick up after themselves
1 that look you get when you finally complete your collection
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
0 every man needs a decent coffee maker
1 when you tell him he can't marry a 6 years old while he lives in us. what do you mean?
0 when you find out the girl you like doesn't like dank memes "got me fucked up" "i bet she wipes back to front" "what a thot" "that foolish hoe" "i hope she die"
1 slavery reinstated catch yourself a strong one
0 never had one before. what? a room to yourself? yes
0 your race card is declined
0 if you're a man and put your hands on a woman then you aren't a man
1 great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
0 los angeles has ice cube new york has nas detroit has eminem your city has ?
0 sure she's cute, but my car's still dirty.
1 helen keller and her beloved cat, "mittens"
0 when you actually get a job in the same field that you majored in child safety now child safety tips from a former pedophile
0 thankfully youtube blocked those videos to show their support for muslim people
0 now is the winter of our discontent day made glorious summer by this hump
0 when you have to race to see who gets to the playground quicker
1 do you smell that? no me neither, start cooking
0 aren't you tried of my jokes!
0 i was told to make a fb pregnancy pic. wife was not amused. "there are no mistakes, just happy little accidents"
0 paraplegic woman in a wheelchair with her coach
0 i don't pretend to be something i'm not except sober. i've pretended to be sober a few times
0 this is where i belong
0 the leader of north korea during a meeting
0 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud
1 reshare if you hate white people
0 the book about terrorism
0 my favorite sex position is the challenger i go hard for 73 seconds then prematurley blow
1 the face non-car people make when you tell them you blew a tranny
0 border agents in texas aprehend over 400 span. in just 5- minutes illegals we know we have an issue with illegal immigration but how can we fix this and not separate families
1 damnit ! i said glass of juice not gas the jews
0 you know it's going a be a serious blow job when he puts his hair up in a manbun
1 shitting on streets stray dogs indians
0 yo dawg you gotta chill
0 to all my friends who post controversial, obscene, dirty, offensive, derogatory posts... keep that shit up. i like it
1 do i need to dig up hitler to show you how to use an oven
0 once we are done destroying our country we'll move to yours!
0 anything * y o u * can do, i can do better i can do anything better than you ! !
0 halloween got you like
0 who is this grumpy cat you speak of?! sweet mother of hades what the hell is that?!?!?
0 i think it is safe now challenge accepted
0 unnecessary life-vest ice cubes float
1 you need to quit messing with those white devils, brotha!!
0 i'm not a pessimist i'm an optometrist
0 ...and down here, we'll add a happy little van, down by the river
0 good things small packages
1 mfw the local tranny gets lynched
1 a phobia is an irrational fear a fear that muslims may be terrorists is not islamaophobia but a fear grounded in history, experience, and reality
0 dark humor is like good food not everyone deserve it
1 like if you had one of these only the 1840's kids will remember
1 glad she put the paper up someone might recognise her
0 you got a problem?
0 when your lipstick smudges after eating a hamburger
0 how to remember kid in hot car keep 2nd road beer with them
0 either we fuckin, or i'm fuckin
1 we have enough thoughts and prayers please send bobs and vagine
0 i caught my goat cheating on me
0 amsterdam red light district isalamabad red light district
0 but i need you
0 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
0 drive very cautiously on this road of life because folks will turn on you with no signal
0 problem solution
0 the first time i got high was in the backseat of my older brother's car. it must have been some good shit too, because i am an only child
0 if you shouted "lock her up" & aren't now shouting "lock him up".. you might be a hypocrite
0 happy birthday i nose it will be good
0 when you found your wife is cheating on you
1 never let anyone tell you what you can or cannot do. just look at beethoven. everyone told him he would never be a musician, just because he was deaf but did he listen?
0 buchenwald concentration camp bones of anti-nazi german women still are in the brick ovens on the crematorium
1 when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
0 clint eastwood and a monkey
1 know why colored people have all those air freshener in their cars? they can't stand the smell of ni**er either!
0 we're glad you're home
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 i'm going to post a bunch of slutty pictures and act promiscuous on the internet why doesn't anyone want to date me? all men are trash
0 will you hurry up and hunt some food we have to feed this starving child
1 what kind of punch can take out 20 kids and 6 adults? a sandy hook
0 muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
0 michelle obama don't find that funny
0 49 people were killed at christchurch muslim muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques
1 one of the poor defenseless refugees we hear about she's smuggling 31 pounds of pure heroin
0 knock knock. who's there? your parent! now open up this damn door
0 when you remebered where you left your keys
0 tag the little guy who thinks he can take on anyone
1 as much as abdul tried he could not get the fucker into first gear
0 how can this be allowed a free home and benefits? when this man was allowed to die on the street after serving this country
1 somehow we went from this to having american hating radical muslim anti-semites and socialists not only in congress but on the foreign intelligence committee. how the hell did this happen?!
0 you can cry about "islamophobia" all you want ! we don't give a rats ass about allah ~arv~ we the people of america stand with israel
1 when u forget to lock ur basement door and ur pets try to run away
1 kick islam out of india
1 bruhh.. white ppl give me a headache
0 when republicans freed the slaves this is how democrats responded
0 immigrants illegal aliens
0 fight for our country to keep the land we made home
0 if your man dresses like this there no doubt he's gay
0 start the car!!!!!! i just peed on hillary's leg!
1 whole world- earth is round buhammad nibba it's flat goatfucker
0 to all my friends who post controversial obscene, dirty, offensive, derogatory posts..... keep that shit up. i like it
1 mohammed i'm pregnant...
0 you know shit got real... once chucky got up
0 why is it so good? because it's white
0 this chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe!
0 hello honey! no, i promise i'm not playing golf again
1 how does he drive his car? he hits the gas
1 when a transgender takes a pregnancy test
0 "farming simulator 19 classic equipment dlc"
0 where is the black guy?
0 two sad images from american history
1 this isn't even my real ashes
1 when you see your ex having a seizure in public shake it like a salt shaker bitch
1 not all of us are terrorists but all terrorists are one of us
0 oh look. this thread again
0 see? i fuckin told you! a little foil on top keeps them jewsy
1 peinigger
0 the only time you can hang out with 2 dirty hookers and a tranny
0 there's incest, and then there's sisterfister incest!
0 anyone who disagrees with homosexuality and gay marraige is probably a closet homosexual. do you disagree with pedophiles and pedophilia?
1 you sent out so much smoke red indians came to make peace
1 you see little black children i see hundreds of thousands in welfare and future incarcerations
1 trump's transgender military ban is the best thing ever share if you agree
0 caitlyn jenner is having a good hair day
0 if some dude walks into the ladies bathroom while one of my girls is in there i will quickly identify as a mma fighter
0 when my girlfriend says, "unlock your phone i need to see something.. i just look at her crazy because i don't even let my wife do that
0 ah, i think may have found the problem you appear to be a f*male
1 l only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 she is a fast runner
1 manual tranny automatic tranny rebuilt tranny
1 r.i.p trayvon martin
0 how to pick up jewish chicks
0 jean claude van ma'am! coming soon to a gamestop near you, "it's ma'am!!!
0 wanted: ''fled from the kitchen''
0 i reckon i like them titties mmmm hmmm
1 art school:*denies application* 6 million jews:
0 no generation in american history has let the government get by with so much, are we a generation of cowards or are we going to take our country back?
1 damn they really out here thinking they making it to class
0 "heeeadddd shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame"
0 you mean she wasn't german?
0 the navy drinkers with a sailing problem
0 this could be us but you keep escaping
1 dad said the neighbors couldn't get any blacker proved him wrong
0 leftist logic: it's bad for russia to interfere in our elections.. ...but it's ok for illegal immigrants to vote
0 when i post something offensive and someone tries to explain to me why it's offensive
1 goes on a date gets stood up
0 wtf is with this guide dog? i keep ending up at kfc
0 stomp on my flag i'll pound your ass
0 mlk at the march on washington
0 every man needs a decent coffee maker
0 baltimore is not infested with rats they live there
1 this is what rich white trash looks like and it's time to take out the trash!
1 my momma always said your a white trash whore
1 do i have to unbury hitler so he can show you how a fucking oven works ?!?!
1 the face you make after you nut and the goat keeps sucking
0 don't ever think you got away with the rat shit you said or the snake shit you did because i have a good memory and alot of patience
0 when it's spring cleaning time but you rather sleep
1 crackers gonna crack
0 2 more sleeps until hunbashing
1 transwoman yelling at me about the meme i made me wondering what this dude's problem is
1 this is the result of letting muslims in '' ''
0 god loves all of his children
1 i'm a moderate muslim. that means that while other muslims are putting bombs on your buses and raping your children i'll be telling you that islam is peaceful, protesting when you insult my religion and lobbying your government to take away your free speech. a moderate muslim speaks!
0 this faceapp stuff is incredible!
0 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
1 looking for attention? join us
0 "state your name for the record" what page is it on?
1 where's jaws when you need him ?
0 getting ready to head out and paint the town red
0 people aftey they put the divider in between your groceries
1 my wife asked me what the female version of a "man cave" would be i told her it's called "a kitchen"
1 white people throwing rice at weddings. "why are they wasting the food"
0 smell that? thats why we have to use condoms
1 i'm not sexist. being sexist is wrong , and being wrong is for women
0 are my sins forgiven now, father
0 hunting the most expensive way to get free food
0 so then i pied the corner and smoked his ass
0 ain't no sandwich when she's gone
0 you should vote for me because i do not suck! we already knew that!
0 all aboard we are headed home
1 what i say about the gunman every time there's a mass shooting
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
1 how much did the holla cost
0 i'm really sorry you're not feeling well today... but i'm still gonna need a sandwich
1 being republican is as easy as laundry you just separate the whites from the colors
0 only in america could these people consider themselves the "master race"
0 black boyfriend white boyfriend
0 religion when grown ass adults argue about who has the better invisible friend
0 this is nahir nahir is born in germany nahir is german this is fluffy fluffy is born in horse stable fluffy is a horse
0 my mom says i can get 1m likes
0 sit down kids, i will now tell you how i met your mother
1 you can't be the victim of a school shooting if you're the school shooter
0 how do you know when this prick is lying? the sphincter under his nose is moving
0 person i chase: *shows clear signs he doesn't want to do anything with me* me: i'm gonna pretend i still have a chance
0 biggest mistake in american history
0 i did not divide the country the republican decision to obstruct every single thing i proposed to help us dig out of the financial crisis they caused divided the country
1 i bet god is one of us because he didn't even raise his son
1 minesweeper just got real... as fuck !!
0 unfortunately... these guys still exist
1 partial arts
0 when a new hire tries to tell you how to do your job who the fuck is you?
1 child protective services takes away children from parents who don't vaccinate but they're perfectly fine with them
0 asian drivers test went as expected
0 rohingya refugee boys study the quran
0 when abortion is illegal so you hire casey anthony to babysit improvise. adapt. overcome
0 you smell coffee? me neither. make some!
1 i'm not saying it was muslims but it was muslims
1 gay people fear me so why is it called homophobia? a phobia is a fear of something i do not fear gay people
0 vitiligo is a disease that causes the loss of skin color
0 whenever white patriarchy wants to turn me into its fucking bitch
0 fukrest. ...if die... don't let me vote democrat
1 when buslim nibba see his sister
0 walking with my homies
1 caution 49 killed in a mosque ...heightened security travel 4000 killed a year by illegals smuggling and illegal immigration may be encountered in this area ...wide open borders
0 hello mengele i think one of your experiments has escaped
1 handjobs sold seperately
1 i wonder what kind of sandwich she is building. oh
0 that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
0 a gestapo agent inspects a group of yugoslavs executed by nazi henchmen
1 an expensive gas bill? i did nazi that coming
1 i love you darling stupid i am here
0 i'm not saying your mom's a slut but during childbirth she slid you in and out a couple of times
0 a short histoy of u.s. presidents
0 what are they fighting over? is it: a) he cut him off b) he stole his girl c) he ran into him d)they're just play fighting for funsies
1 overly attached muslim girlfriend i killed your other 4 wives so you have more time to beat me
1 4th of july when white people celebrate killing each other over land that wasnt theirs
0 it's a weiner pit. just like your mouth
0 and that was the last time we let uncle larry babysit
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 that friday vibe be like
1 hello abdul, today i'm alone at home. *abdul this is ultimate
0 removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye commits crimes against the polish starts ww2
1 i hate racism. why would you choose to hate an entire group of people just becase of the way they all behave
1 my husband is always pushing me around.... and talking behind my back
0 it's okay for you to believe what you believe it's not okay for you to demand other to believe the same way
1 international women's day? bitch please back to kitchen
0 lonely devil on halloween
0 "i yelled catch ! i swear i thought she was ready "
0 we didn't say nobel prize we said... no bail, suprise!
1 this old ass honky is a porch monkey 4-life you look at my woman step off johnny law
0 farming simulator 17
0 the name's bob... bob
1 ok nigger
0 when you've just realised your son has taken the wrong backpack to school
0 what the heck you mean no shirt no service
0 this is a snakes mouth it all makes fucking sense now
0 i think it's funny to haggle overprice with with hookers when you're just going to kill them anyway
1 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 do you agree with rush limbaugh's claim that the democtrat party is america' s largest hate group?
0 i'm not inturupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped. i'm your new mom. well, i'll be a son of a bitch
1 charles martel from the year 732 explains how he kept france safe from muslims "i slaughtered every single one of those savages, until they retreated back to the third world, poverty stricken hell hole, from which they came."
1 15 bucks for sex isn't normal but on meth it is. meth rolling back prices farther than wal-mart
1 white kid: "i don't know how to shoot" dad: "just pretend it's your classmates"
0 bombbbssss awayyyyyy
1 kill all americans & remind them islam is peaceful
1 fuck israhell and fuck the usa!!! 136 countries are on the side of palestine!!!
1 i told my friend that i can turn fruits into vegetables and he told me to prove it so i pushed him off a balcony
1 if you believe that, i've got a virgin goat to sell you!
1 damn it john, leave stevie alone
0 he was a world savior only if stupid people would understand
1 bruder you killed me so the jew could control your media so the jews could control your banks so the jews control you money so the jews could control your government so your children could die for israel so foreigners could destroy your cities so foreigners could run your civil and public services so you become a prisoner in your own homes so your people and race are lost forever
0 3.8 billion of them on earth. why isn't it clean yet?
1 best thing about an ethiopian blowjob?... you know shes gonna swallow!!!
0 1-800 abos-r-dum, thats 1-800-abos-r-dum! do you hate yourself? doubt science & established historical records?
0 arrest george soros for crimes against europe
0 best thing about twenty four year olds twenty of them
0 when you can't remeber if you ate wendy's twice that day
0 build a house for r250m while ordinary citizens live in poverty? i blame apartheid
0 the look you have when your dad cuts your hair
1 sign says "take a quarter"  takes two
0 thank you ! for everything ! for what ?
0 i wish i could stand by you!
0 no one: white people when you nod at them:
0 parents gets divorced twice as many birthday presents
0 i was asked am i my brother's keeper? i replied. fuck with him and find out
0 don't look back in the past contiue to live in the future
1 here's a painting of a handbook for terrorists
0 close friends for life
0 "i'm fine, i'm just tired" = my depression is setting in but i don't want to bother you with it
0 heeeeaad shoulders wheel and frame wheel and frame
1 and then i told that goat fucker suck my star spangled dick
0 when you think it's friday but it's actually tuesday
0 great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
0 oh sike
0 damn chewbacca ewoks are our friends
0 malcolm x military kill
1 you can't hate jews if there's no more jews
0 don't shoot, i'm from the group why dont you post and comment? i'm shy, but i like stuff
0 dont ask me how i get on that cliff
0 when you're trying to listen to the teacher in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying
0 questioning america's support for fascist israel ... is unacceptable
1 teacher asked what comes after a sentence told her an appeal
0 yes, ilhan omar is anti-semitic and anti-american but she is on our side
0 when you're stressed, you eat ice cream, cake, chocolate & sweets, why? because stressed spelled backwards is desserts mind = blown.]
1 back in my day blowin a tranny was car trouble
1 active shooter at a walmart in tx targeting only hispanics. armed white people
1 i'm not a racist my shadow is black
0 if you don't want to talk about it, don't post vague status updates fishing for people to ask you what's wrong
1 what was hitler's favorite race? nazi jews
1 deport the goat fornicators #fukislam
0 you're so old this was your first school book
0 i once dumped a cross eyed chick thought she was seeing someone else
1 i can't wait to name you some dumb shit nobody can pronounce
1 finally synthetic watermelon
0 feeling cute might write in my diary later
1 "never forget" -you said.. i am the proof you have forgotten
0 why didn't the "if you don't like it, you can leave" people leave when obama was president?
0 one last call for green cards closing time you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
0 when the weekends finally here
0 that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you're a better person than that
0 i have to stop saying "how stupid can you be?" some people are starting to take it as a challenge
0 i married my brother to commit immigration fraud
1 is it just me or does justin bieber look like a 35 year old lesbian?
1 45 goals of communism 26. present homosexuality, degeneracy and promiscuity as "normal, natural, healthy."
0 the hardest part to eat in a vegetable
1 the most racist people are the ones crying"racist" all the time!
1 what's the difference between a cow and the holocaust? you can't milk a cow for 75 years
0 if your man dresses like this there no doubt he's cold
1 time to make money the old fashioned way by killing christians
1 islam we're the religion of peace. if you don't believe it, we'll kill you
0 look at my new goat cage
0 on my way to the maury show for the 8th time
1 don't get me started about your tranny problems
0 always be kind to those less fortunate than you
0 when each letter is a mental disorder
0 they were right blue really is my color!
0 how do we destroy the patriarchy? it's simple. we eat it
0 oh no i can't steal anymore
1 islam turning every single country it touches into a shithole for over 1400 years
0 the strength of a father to his daughter
1 mohammed?! it's aisha can you stop fucking the donkey for a minute? allah wants to talk to you!
0 largemouth bass largemouthed ass
0 twins going swimming with a friend
0 a rare photo of obama's birth
0 when asked what i did over the weekend i reply, "why, what did you hear
1 how you look when youre black and you celebrate the 4th of july
0 kick them out of country
0 rise of the planet of the apes (1963)
0 trump supporters because why learn the facts, when you can mindlessly preach hate?
0 this bacon is so raw it's about to start singing hakuna matata
1 pork is unclean? ever smell one of these goat fuckers?
1 dora the explorer has got a little muslim friend.. doda the exploder
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
1 when you successfully shot all the muslims in the mosquee but isis doesn't claim the assault
0 guess she didn't learn her lesson the first time
1 a phobia is a fear of something i do not fear fear gay people so why is it called homophobia? gay people fear me
0 did you say dude blew his tranny???
1 when you bout to nut in your cousin and you hear the barn door open
0 ice cube has been targeted by gay activist for using homophobic lyrics in the past
1 handjobs sold seperately
1 we want sharia law!! then go the fuck home
0 if being racist means i don't want my country turned into a pile of rocks & goatshit ruled by a barbric cult then i'm a racist
0 greetings fellow americans miss me?
1 liberal logic 101 muslim kills a dozen "infidels" [cricket noise] christian mentions god in public shoving his religion down our throats
0 waiter, another order of crow for my anti-trump friends
0 if you support this you're supporting the genocide of black men
0 proper plating technique
0 albanians taking a selfie with a porn star
0 300 kg bomb vs 1000 kg bomb
0 i pray to our lord and saviour to bless this melon
0 i got new shoes brother died from ebola
1 i didn't choose the tranny life the tranny life choose me
0 he's the man, baby !
0 i came to fuck bitches and learn rocket science
0 we're glad you're home the russians pooped in the hallway!
0 oh no i can't run anymore
0 car accident on michigan ave
0 everyone should have exercise in their day to day schedule
0 in 1990, the irs seized willie nelson's bank accts and real estate holdings for a 16 million dollar tax debt. currently, al sharpton owes in excess of 19 million dollars in taxes and he visits the white house regularly as a guest!!! explain white privelege again?
0 you with the goat stop that!
1 excuse me?!? it is ma'am! ma'am! i will take you outside and show you a sir!
0 don't be embrassed mark lots of guys yell "harder daddy" during a rectal exam
0 what we do in our bedroom is none of your business which is why we have parades that block traffic and force you to see examples of what we do in our bedroom
1 why do muslims were towels on their heads so if they run out of toilet paper they have something to wipe their ass
0 your birthday's good... but it needs more cowbell
0 me the night before vs me the next morning
1 ever wonder if asians make fun of caucasians? "look at me, i have peripherar vision. i speak engrish"
0 if donald trump is the answer how stupid is the question?
0 never forget
0 when some body adds another plate to the sink while i'm washing the dishes
0 cocaine evilheart so much cocaine i fucking told you!
1 drinking wine is bad drinking camel piss is good
0 why don't i get sunburnt? because prisons are indoors
1 how do you circumcise a trump voter? kick his sister in the jaw
0 when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid & she didn't believe you now she's like..
0 what can we say 
1 companies when pride month ends:
0 why is this guy the only one convicted?
0 official white house  holiday ornaments
0 isn't it interesting that isis has run out money now that obama is no longer in office..
0 they are not escaping to find a better life they are invading us to destroy ours
0 why does toilet paper need a commercial? who is not buying this?
1 i hate women so much i'm not even joking bro
1 google glass locate kfc
0 the face they make when you've left the "plantation" and you no longer think like them
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 dude stop smoking its gonna harm you dude stop
0 my mom makes the best sandwiches
0 chicks be like the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
0 florida schools are forcing students to stand during national anthem if you support this please like and share
0 a muslim ban would've stopped that
0 forcing children into religion is child abuse religion has to be taught. it's not natural 
0 it's a weiner pit. just like your mouth
0 slip'n'slide the most fun you'll ever have getting hurt
1 fuck banks fuck indians too
0 life has its ups and i have its downs
1 not all heroes wear capes
0 hiltler eating a meal with his family
0 saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys
0 so this is heaven? i hate it
0 show intolerance for other's religions expect highest level of tolerance for their own
0 you cannot invade the trailer park there will be a dumpster-defend with a yeet cannon behind every door!
0 king kong
0 suddenly mexico wants to talk about immigration i'm so grateful we have a tough president
0 america first! when it comes to elections
1 not my president not my residents
0 i should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country including america
0 just as i suspected   you're stupid from this angle as well
0 stevie wonder be like #selfie!
1 when your girl is bulimic, but you like gagging sounds, so you call her "fatty" while you beat your meat in the shower
1 hurry up son, the owner is coming
1 when you see a black guy in your store but he isn't trying to steal anything impossible
0 best holiday gift for muslims
0 hello everyone, this is m and welcome to jackass: umbra edition!
1 i don't bitch wanna get please! married! i've got to go blow myself up tomorrow! islam - none of it makes sense
1 my husband told me to make him a sandwich i need a good comeback i would come back with a sandwich
1 chinese ppl be like  happy thanksgiving!
0 i just squirted tranny fluid
0 acceptance of individuality is not a disgusting thing
0 snuffy and big bird discuss the most efficient way to rape the drugged man. hush, child
1 the us navy keeping tranny hookers laid since 1715
0 i'm no gynecologist but i know a cunt when i see one
1 when your wife is secretly a dinosaur, and you don't find out before she givs birth to four crossbreed raptors
0 what do you call a group of inspectors your chain of command fears? the orse-men of the apocalypse
0 when the wife comes home early and the valve covers in the dishwasher are still on rinse
0 you come home and found this.. what do you do ???
0 lick her shitter like an apple fritter
0 making fans everywhere
0 guys what the fuck what the actual fuck
1 white people is this a shooting range
0 ladies if you like the thugs or bad boys welcome to your future dream home
0 when my name is in a math problem and all the class stares at me me: that's right bitches. i bought 60 watermelons
1 defender of all things white, i'm ed supercoon
0 when you realize what you walked into
1 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 i called my boy whatchoo goin do bout that spray bottle now
1 the face you make when white males have commited the most terrorist acts on american soil but you paint every other group as the problem
1 "if you kill a killer, the number of killers in the world remains the same." -batman "lol, okay faggot." -punisher
1 section 3: devide and rule ! in religion-based riots, crime will be trust upon hindus only. even though a hindu gets killed at the hands of the minorities, they will not be taken as guilty
1 meet jon savage starring in tranny beatdown ladies and gentlemen, fasten your seatbelts
0 islam's trojan horse the the only reason truth obama obama to has told support to america america "i will stand with themuslimes should the political winds shift in an ugly direction." -barack hussein obama
1 mexicans road trip
1 i don't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do, i always tap the "no bombing" sign
1 a great way of serving your country
1 when you successfully shot all the muslims in the mosquee but isis doesn't claim the assault
0 i try not to be bias
1 i'm not racist drug dealer is black
1 when the americans pull up outside of auschwitz *jew cooking time stops*
0 that moment when she realizes those guarana's & tequila were'nt free
0 answer the phone . no signal out here! haha
0 when japan thinks you're gonna invade their mainland
1 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
1 what the neighbors see what my father sees
0 when the chow mein was on point
1 terrorist attacks innocent people with guns leaders want innocent people to give up their guns and become even more defenseless.
0 what it looks like when cancer gets aids
0 this is vitiligo, the same disease that michael jackson suffered from
1 muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
1 when muslim people use km per hour instead of bomb per allah hu akbaar this is why i bomb people
0 rebuilt tranny
0 howdy y'all!
1 keeping your dishwasher clean  will make it last longer
1 does anyone know if he had a donor card? i need parts for my go-cart
1 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
0 "we demand our city be made a sanctuary city for illegals!" "they are trying to send illegals to our sanctuary city!!!"
0 me after i take that first sip of mcdonald's sprite kwispy
1 god will forgive you no matter what you've done sweet
0 "you wouldn't stop me if i was a polar bear."
1 islam "i will instill terror into the hearts of the un believers: smite ye above their necks and smite all their finger-tips off." quran 8:12
1 nice watch you got there david thanks, my dad sold it to me before he passed
1 when its your first day of wedding and you see him fucking a goat am i a joke to you?
1 no nut november champion
0 i'm awesome on the piano but i suck on the organ
0 it might look fucked up, but her handjobs are fucking unbelievable
0 how chevy owners say hi to each other
1 if i can sexually harass this many women and molest this many children as vice president, just imagine how many i could do as president! but what am i telling you for? you're the first gay president, married to the first 'first tranny,' and most people don't even know it!
1 i'm going to give you 30 seconds to delete this before i make the holocaust look like a fucking joke
0 immigrant problem problem fixed
0 symbol of stupidity
1 omw to kill those israhellites
0 you can tell that it's aspen tree because of the way it is
1 dishwasher: *not working* me: *hits it too get it too work* everyone else at my wife's funeral:
0 sorry, trump... i just prefer presidents who weren't captured by putin!
0 i'm not racist i hate white liberals more than anybody
0 saved up for a new macbook bought an equivalent pc and a car instead
0 i love my precious they will always me mine
1 i think i've found a vaccine for being a faggot it's called pancuronium bromide
0 when your friend likes to talk during your favorite song
0 goes as batman for halloween parents get killed
0 the guy that wrote this sign wants $15.00 an hour
0 the brits gave up their guns and now their gov't can jail them for not having a television license
1 you're gay? that's a lifestyle choice.. ...by which i mean i hate you for being gay
1 it's not a hijab it's a diaper, for peoples with shit for brains
1 ahmed mohamed reminds us to set our bombs 1 hour ahead this weekend
1 white people before they tell a joke about black people
0 kenyan shit
1 grab her by the.. nevermind
1 how they see how i see
0 notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
0 im white trash and im in trouble
0 all these flavors and you choose to be salty
0 you mean i don't have to pick it and i can eat it?!
0 happy muslim family
1 i said glass of juice not gas the jews
1 trump better deal with these muslims before they kill me
0 when each letter is cool
0 all she wants to do is play all day
1 show intolerance for other's religions expect highest level of tolerance for their own
1 happy pride month let's go beat up lesbians
0 when you forget that blind people have a heightened sense of smell why is your penis out ?
1 q: what's the difference between harry potter and jewish people? a: harry potter eventually escape the chamber
0 god : *creates women* humans : *creates dishwashers* god :
0 i cant compare my love of bacon to anything because bacon is the standard that i compare all else to
0 kids catch you in the kitchen... "what's in your mouth?" and i am standing there like, nothing... "
1 white people know thyself
1 when the jews genocide you so hard for 50 years that your population triples
0 isis you mean them goat fuckers that don't like bacon
0 we're all here cause we ain't all there
0 steak recipe: 1. destroy someone
1 north korean operatives infiltrating the "storm area 51" group: how do you do, fellow american pigs
0 i was going to make a joke about us but they always blow up in your face
1 when black people say they are native american
0 will someone call chuck norris and tell him to please come and get his cat?
0 when you don't have a pool but it is a hot summer day
0 sends 6 million to heaven knows jews are god's chosen people
0 the horrors of the holocaust three u.s. soldiers look at bodies stuffed into an oven in a crematorium
0 i'm down with that
1 a world leader, a supermodel, a mass murderer, a tranny, satan's daughter, and a peanut farmer walk into a funeral......
0 little boy gets a new hand man loses a hand
0 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
1 when mohamed puts it inside
0 she probably have asked a wrong question
0 "the squad... hasn't done squat" in congress
1 i don't want trump's face on mount rushmore. i want it chisled onto the moon so liberals, mexicans and muslims never get a good night's sleep
0 prospective without white '' ''
0 admins be like this my group
0 oh look. this thread again
0 for the love of god skip rocks, don't smoke them
1 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
0 when you really love someone, age, distance, height weight, well it's just a damn number
1 i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
0 i put makeup for my profile photo
1 if jesus rode ass why do christians hate gay people?
1 when a black on lmm wants to fight, but you just tell a cop and the cop opens fire without hesitation modern problems require modern solutions
1 sea monkeys
1 when you're 2% of the population but 40% of all pedophiles
1 when the bell goes off on the first day of school and the autistic kid thinks it's the hunger games
0 victoria police introduces a new weapon to fight apex gang
1 this toaster is on fire
1 baby look like he pay his own child support
0 we're just here to post shit we find funny please know that if that offends you, we find that shit funny also
0 u want some fuk hey dear i love u show me ur pussy u are beauty
1 a short history of u.s. presidents
0 when you're arguing with someone and trying notto hit them
1 hmmm, that new wife smell
0 when you get married to the guy your parents didn't like
0 master chef with low rating master chef with high rating ''
0 bruce jenner's puppy
0 the new democratic flag
0 feisch smeil
1 stepped on a landmine didn't weigh enough
0 them: how would you rate this pupper? me: golden
0 if you play your cards right you can skip prison
1 lazy day nothing to steal
0 so you're telling me... you smoke a plant that makes you hungry for fun?
0 what if i told you my ancestors came here after 500,000 soldiers died to end slavery and i'm not paying one damn red cent
0 i never get a straight answer for this ''
0 i asked for oranges not a melon!
0 whatcha thinking about? wind speed and direction, humidity, distance, drop rate
0 why god created women? same reason it created men
0 its ok to have both of these raised and still live in harmony
1 the lgtbetc .. community maintain the highest suicide rates. proving that both god and darwin were right
0 i've been ridden more times than the trump train i can run for president now
0 i'm not an asshole, i'm a hemorrhoid i irritate assholes
0 monkeys wipe their asses with their hands and throw their own shit but i'm the unclean one
1 we said we would never forget why are you voting them into our government?
0 when you ready for bed but bae won't leave you alone
1 girl you're so special i'm gonna give you a gold star
0 where's my water?
0 now at home depot check out the new kenyan fly strip
1 the same people that hate trump think this is a woman
0 do you see him? i don't see him
0 all complete no missing parts
1 what do you do? i am a model. i do modelling on instagram what do you do? i am a soldier i kill women and minorities
0 of all time the most underrated cook
0 jew haters demonrat sewage an evil cancer that wants to destroy america
1 see? i fuckin told you! a little foil on top keeps them juicy
0 what is he hiding? we need to see his tax returns! let me stop you right there hillary you deleted 30,000 emails, used bleach bit on hard drives, then destroyed phones with hammers you have no right to talk about peopie hiding anything
1 no one: steven hawking:
1 how to trigger liberals in 3, 2, 1 #whiteprideworldwide
0 soon i'll be nothing but a horrible memory!!!!
0 benjamin mileikowski your homeland is poland it is not in palestine! did you know that more than half of israel population is comprised of people who are of "polish and "russian" descent ?
0 control the narrative still think all them shootings are done by black people. they are playing chess not checkers
0 eat me!
1 you are islamaphobic look at their beautiful parties
1 the only kkk to ever let black men in
0 when you think god is done sending fuck boys into your life another one
0 the only family to make millions off of a t.v show
1 im going trans hunting
0 how they be lurking on your page waiting to pop-up just to disagree
0 saddle up boys! it's time to play cowboys
1 we are coming to america one way or another! we will rape, pillage, riot & reap havoc on your nation while stealing your welfare
1 mississippi wind chime
1 life hack: your dishwasher can also wash your car
0 one of my 5 boyfriends slept with another girl. i'll never trust men again!
0 no one could have ever predicted 9/11
1 if theres even one homeless child in america we have no room for illegal aliens
0 white family at the river
1 keep yelling, motherfuckers allah be with you shortly
0 every one is afraid of this man
1 mfw the local tranny gets lynched
0 when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
0 there's nothing more ridiculous than when the same republicans who gave us 33 sham hearings on benghazi say investigation trump's actual crimes "is a waste of time."
0 just like everything else in his life he's inherited, trump inherited a strong economy from obama and took credit for it
0 good to see you john. good luck in the election
1 all women should be believed until one of those bitches accuses a democrat
1 a good asian driver
1 muslim figure: "we must have pork-free menus or we will leave u.s" bacon america great again!
0 hope you had fun investigating me now it's my turn
0 hear us loud and clear we will step over every homeless american to give illegal aliens everything
0 kill them kill them all !!!!!
0 i will find you and.. and what.. my apologies, i have dialed the wrong number
0 hurry up son, you have to peddle faster!
0 don't ever lie to me if you tell me the truth no matter how fucked up it is i'll respect you more
0 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
1 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
0 the same laws that you support to silence people you disagree with can be used to silence you, dumbass
0 when you dodge your mom's slap your moves are weak mom
1 they bow to a black woman while blacks praise... well ...you know who
0 i'm not saying you are a slut but you go out with everyone
0 after sex selfies
1 i'm dreaming of a white christmas
0 this one time at camp we got so baked
0 if you think we need protection from these people... but not these people, you're a special kind of stupid
1 ernie educates bert about why the japanese deservee a third nuclear bombing
0 it's peanutbutter jelly time!!!!
0 isaak, grandmaster of spectre burning some flatties on a tuesday
1 this is why black people can't advance: ni**ers are holding us back
0 i know you are wearing extensions
0 morgan freeman played god in bruce almighty
0 either we fuckin, or i'm fuckin
0 when the mueller report indicates there will be no further indictments
0 my irony meter just exploded
1 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
1 goatfuckers
1 gave my wife an orgasm ungrateful bitch spit it out
0 "how fucked up do you plan to get this weekend?" me:
0 if britain leaves the eu how much space will be freed up? 1gb
1 i don't like this post gas it
0 the older i get the more i look at people like this
0 perks of being my friend? you'll be the normal one
0 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 thats what happens when you say you wanna catch these hands
0 all my guns now self identify as dirt bikes so i had to install mufflers
1 gas stay in if da door "ay, tone. how'd da is made of wood?"
1 when cops see an unarmed black youth:
0 an older gentlemen having a wonderful day
1 these aren't bears! these are just two fat gay fucks! pride
0 i wish more of my handcuff stories involved sex instead of police officers!
0 do i need to show you im a citizen
0 when your troop respects you as the alpha
1 when she's says she only dates black guys
0 in your country police are paid to protect poor liberals and rich liberals who want to disarm everybody
0 ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib
1 marokko speed dating
0 best thing about wearing a hijab? you can hide your bad hair day
1 ah, i think may have found the problem you appear to be a f*male
1 the whiteman is the devil!
0 stepped on a landmine didn't weigh enough
0 and looking for a "safe place" my page ain't it.. move along snowflake if you're easily offended
0 all american piece of shit
0 goat porn star
0 after i say "whatever" all the shit you say after that is irrelevant
0 god bless america
0 my ex looks so peaceful when he sleeps
0 well look what time it is... time to piss off the liberals with a tweet!!!
1 islam.. where little girls are mutilated and old perverted men are worshipped
0 this piece of jewelry costs more than my yearly income
0 9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
0 egyptian 'ahly ultra' soccer fans climb over a fence at the al ahly home stadium during celebrations
0 thank you! for everything! for what ?
0 what if gordon ramsay voiced a gps? "great job, you missed the bloody exit you fu**ing disgrace"
1 jihadi magazine's miss december
1 we are not a rich nation but we know better than to tolerate islam so if you have ever wanted to visit africa, keep amgola in mind
1 vhen you are doing random stuff. and realise you left the oven on
1 "at first, i didn t want to wear a hijab." "but my husband convinced me otherwise."
0 i want to fuck a goat but my 9 year old wife says its unatural
0 gillbet bink says your news sucks
0 your order comes to $37.50 and your white privilege discount brings the total to $37.50
0 my dishwasher is acting strange, can anybody help
0 when cops see an armed robber
1 the only woman who knows where her husband is... is a widow the rest of u can sit down... and make me another cup of tea
0 loses 25,000 new jobs for her district thinks she deserves a pay raise
0 you better not pout you beter not cry you better not scream i'm going in dry
0 they used to whip slaves back in the day
1 this is why today in order to "handle a strong black woman" .... you need a leash for that bitch feminist black feminist
1 party tonight? i'm down
1 go back to the country you fled somalia camel piss drinking mussy
1 average white "women" average muslim women
0 what dogs look like to black people what dogs look like to asians what dogs look like to white people
1 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
0 chuck norris? never heard of her
1 bring your jihad you camel piss drinking goat humpers
1 christians don't believe they evolved i agree
0 i'm leading trump by a landslide in a new poll been there done that
1 i slipped and fell on black ice i thought it was regular ice but when i got up my wallet was gone
1 the real racists 1863 democrats: without slaves who will pick our crops? 2017 democrats: without illegals, who will pick our crops?
0 i will smack the shit out of the next person who touches my head one more time
0 dishwasher for sale missing parts
0 buckle up sugar tits 'cause i'm about to take you to pound town in the fuck truck
0 karen get your shit together
0 when the vegetables are 2 for the price of 1
1 what do you mean i've got a 30-day ban all i did was call him nigger
1 influence elections? you mean like encouraging illegal immigrants to vote?
1 jewish
0 here's to all you snowflakes out there who are shocked the president did what he promised to do
0 it's about how you play them its not about the cards you've been dealt
0 the face that pro-lifers make when you talk about shooting immigrants
1 found bigfoot married her
1 ashes to ashes  dust to dust the jews just left us
0 i have an idea... but it requires concentration
0 run over by bacon truck on way to suicide mission ''
0 liquor stores ask for photo id they're trying to keep people of color from drinking!
0 been around for 50,000 years invented the stick
0 should we tell them? or just let them figure it out for themselves?
0 adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
0 i just met you, and this is crazy but i love bath salts, and you look tasty
1 if a phobia is a fear, how can i be "homophobic" or transphobic"? who fears a man in a dress?! why would i fear a man who takes it up the ass by another man? repulsed, yes definitely. fear? no way. the only fear i have is the outcome of what society will look like if these people keep breeding
0 achmed im pregnant
0 i dont always post offensive memes but when i do, i do it like a champ
0 i was raped in jail mom. dad's taking monopoly way too seriously incest is the best, put your daughter to the test
1 her: stop it! i'm trying to put a load in the dishwasher. him: yeah... me too!
1 when you're hiding from a shooter in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying american students: first time ?
0 will you tell the cat bullying is not okay
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 lol this isn't the first time we've lied about gas emissions
1 latinos will do anything to get into trump's america
0 safe sex isis style
1 fucksake, this porn hasn't downloaded properly
0 don't be a horrible driver or this could be you
1 trans-sports allowing medicore male athletes to finally become champions
0 just ate . pooped . now time for netflix
0 stop making fun of our peaceful religion i will pray for you
0 just because she weighed as much as two people, that doesn't mean that you had a threesome
0 allah has clearly said in quran ch. no. 45 verse 78 aayega to modi hi
0 young boy picking cotton
0 when you call shotgun but the cops put you in the back anyways
0 friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
1 when your uber driver arrives but you're probably safer driving drunk
1 flowers for martin luther king day
0 the fishing was so bad even the liars didn't catch any
0 whats wrong with your skin? why is it like that?
0 "the squad?" more like "the gang of four!"
0 all aboard the jew jew train
0 black friday sale
0 you're the goat
0 chelsea clinton... so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
0 they have sex with goats wipe their asses with their hands and drink camel piss but i'm the unclean one!
1 when you find a girl that accepts your holocaust fetish
1 and then i said, mr. president there's no walmart's in north korea only targets
0 and just like that fox news and trump stopped caring about the caravan
1 whites and dogs they smell just alike
0 ''dont cry because it's over smile because it happened'' -dr. seuss
1 never take a man who takes a lot of selfies seriously either he's gay, thirsty, arrogant, or needs attention like a female
0 donald trump making his supporters laugh at a rally
0 just a moroccan gentleman playing on on his guembry
0 bruce jenner's dog
0 be happy if your baby was born healthy they are a blessing
0 i love driving
0 meanwhile in mexican schools
0 this is the worst cancer i've ever seen
1 obama voters
1 boys are the devil
1 muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security
0 a natural beauty
0 your chicken is so rubbery goodyear called and asked for the recipe
1 when all your peaceful solutions fail you know what old problems require old solutions
0 thats a man baby
0 i didn't do it
0 felt cute might pray later, idk
0 koran class with the rohingya people
0 a black man invention ''
1 you say islam is violent? i will kill you
0 virgin mobile
1 it's hump day!!! oh fuck!!!
0 when the cop sees a black kid
0 archeologists stone room
0 don't mind me just watering my muslims
0 historical spacecraft explosion
1 luigi got big tiddies i don't support faggot
1 putting bows on your pet
0 we love your political correctness and tolerance it's our greatest weapon against you!!!
1 the most racist people are the ones crying"racist" all the time!
0 first living witness to testify against hillary clinton
1 her: i work with special needs children me, trying to impress her: i'm retarded
0 that look when you want to speak to the manager
1 but islam can radicalize muslims muslims are not terrorist quran 8:39 "kill all non believers till the only religion is islam"
0 when white people learn that fish swim in schools
1 when an indian man marries he scratches the dot off his wife's forehead to see if he's won a gas station, a motel, or a subway restaurant
0 when you go back to your shitkick hometown for the holidays and the smell of meth and cow shit fills the air there's no place like home
1 you can take the trash out of the trailer park but white trash will forever be white trash
0 for just ten cents a day you can help feed these children
0 the pope at the vatican
0 smile no matter what your going through
0 there is no such thing as an appropriate joke that's why it's a joke
0 good guy police officer actively participating in community outreach
0 don't do crime or you'll be in prison like me
1 there's a joke in here somewhere? a indian a socialist a smeller a mistress a homosexual and a terrorist lover walk into a bar.
0 i don't laugh at my own jokes but we all know i'm hilarious
1 womens day gift packs
1 when the cop sees a black kid
0 brace yourself disappointment is coming
0 adults should understand this is a hijab, a big part of my culture
0 protesters throwing smoke bombs
0 you find it offensive, i find it funny... that's why i'm happier than you
1 pace secondary [heritage trails] women don't let the female looks fool you! realistically, these are retarded male homosexuals wearing women suits!
0 kills: 17 million , deaths: 1 fucking camper
0 why does the human-slave keep stealing my poop with a tiny shovel?
1 when an indian rapes 3 tourists from 3 different countries mr. worldwide
1 why do all the mexican foos who work lmaooo at t-mobile look like this
1 i'm starting to understand both the appeal of and the demand for sex robots
1 that chicken is so black it owes child support
0 active shooter at a walmart in tx targeting only hispanics. armed white people
1 my sense of humor is so dark it picks cotton
0 fuck that puto!!!!
0 roses are red, violets are fuck i count to potatoe, then to firetruck
0 ready for my job interview
1 when people keep calling you a terrorist, but you identify as a firework
1 "transgenderism" is a mental illness, is sociopathic tyranny not an "identity" mandating public acceptance
1 good morning gamers let's go kill some trannies
0 is white or black said no veteran ever!
0 how chevy guys go muddin how ford guys go muddin
0 is it just me or do idiots multiply quicker than normal people?
1 dont drink with him he cant hold his liquor
1 i don't see "color" or "race" because i make sure to surround myself only with white people
0 these cute head tilts
0 hmmm... who shall i arrest first brennan, clapper, comey or obama?
0 bitch, i can still smell his nuts on your breath
1 it isn't islamophobia when they really are trying to kill you
0 "enjoying in beach"
0 you did the reich thing
0 this guy just friended and unfriended me 45 times in 15 seconds anyone know him??
0 monkey face monkey attitude
1 robert mugabe:" it's better for a man to be stingy with his money because he hustled it...... than for a woman to deny you a hole that she didn't even drill.."
0 i'm here as a messenger to give you a message you can't kill
1 i am not a racist i just don't appreciate being mouthed off to by farm equipment
0 when your teacher roasts you and your homie but he doesn't know about the bomb that's going off in 2 mins
0 family trip in mexico
0 man you know i want these memes
1 "when the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in. that's just human nature." that woman just went full retard!
0 im gettin white girl wasted tonight
1 i thought you liked me talking shit in bed! her: him: yes,but, "eat my pussy like it's watermelon you nigger!" is not okay , katie
0 just found out steroids make your dick small
0 wear a full burqa and nobody says anything change the cloth to white and everyone loses their mind
0 when the bass drops just right
0 i love pudding pudding my dick nhere it don't belong
0 when you max out intelligence and put nothing on agility
0 the one piece of shit that just won't flush!
0 cold beer on a cold night
0 i saw her standing there and i told her she had three beautifull children. she did't have to get all pissed off and threaten me. it was an honest mistake
0 mean a thing, it does not if that swing it ain't got
1 a girl asks her mom, "why am i black and you're white?" she says, "the way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark. "
0 you sicced all of your corrupt  goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons let's see how you all come out!!!
1 don't blame me fuel was expensive
1 damn jews with their fancy strollers
0 notice the difference talk show host vietnam war hero
0 when you finally graduate in a school in the usa
0 no samuel, the star does not mean you're sheriff now
0 these video game armors are getting pretty ridiculous
0 gangster gettig shot
0 child survivors of holocaust
0 i'm not racist ... some of my best ffriends are brown
0 this could be us but you bought a ford
0 what happened in auschwitz is inhuman
1 i'm a parasite, also known as a zionist we zionists are a cancer unto the nations
0 fine, i'li keep calling them seagulls.. ...but, beach chickens sounds better
0 i hate when i see a black out in my neighborhood but i still offer my neighbors a candle
0 that feeling you get when people from the uk start talking shit
0 obama said he had no prior knowledge that hillary clinton had a secret, private email server in other news. obama used a secret name when sending secret emails to hillary's secret private email account
0 me when someone asks me what my weekend plans are: this old girl needs a nap
0 just taking a nap at walmart
0 when you see all the dems pushing "medicare for all" it's simply them "lowkey" admitting that they dont like obamacare along with the rest of us
0 when you try to catch a dark type pokemon
0 group of people rescued from medditaranian sea by italian coast guard
0 how sad it must be for supporters - believing that scientist, scholars, historians, economist, and journalists have devoted their entire lives to deceiving america, while a reality-tv star with decades of fraud and exhaustively-documented lying is your beacon of honesty
0 when your girlfriend tells you a dry ass joke but you want to get some at the end of the night
1 your black neighbor after you called the cops
1 my favorite animal is carrot
0 even though our people make it hard for us to help them we still love em because we know they were conditioned to be this way
0 when it's your 1st cake day and you really wanna blow that candle
1 excuse me goy do you have a minute to talk about the holocaust?
0 if they raise theirs and destroy our flag are they really people we want here ??
0 our insurance we know it was dark and you didn't see him
0 i am not racist i just don't like brown sugar
1 how transgender kid and his family roll up to the court ruling about adding a gender inclusive bathroom to the school
0 when i see other adults pouring wine and they only fill it half way, i'm like... ...okay, one of us is doing it wrong, and i'm pretty sure its you
0 i work hard to provide for my cocaine addiction
1 make christianity anti-semitic again
0 you will never see refugees from america. when things turn to shit, we don't run to another country. we dust off our guns and fix it
0 "a wiggle never hurt anybody." dorothy donegan (april 6, 1922- may 1998)
0 a beautiful family
0 both guilty of murder guilty ambassador pleaded for help and obama ignored his pleas
1 whites without blacks blacks without whites
0 i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
1 ladies! if your man is offended by this he is a faggot. end of story
1 your deportation bus has arrived
0 when you're jeffrey dahmer and you get asked.. where you dumped the bodies
0 3 years ago american class american trash
0 portrait of a psychopath
0 did you know . if you hold a person underwater long enough they stop being an asshole
1 terrorist: islam me: what do you do? terrorist: slam slam my car car into people me:
1 '' i'm gonna be a tranpa!
0 4 ways to boil vegetables
0 child in poverty with empty water jug
1 whenever a white gay compares their struggle to that of a black woman well yes, but actually no
0 its ok, let them in only a few will kill
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 i love listening to music
0 power of christ does not compel this kitty
1 getting stoned in america can be expensive in my country it is free for everyone
0 "blue power tie red power tie white power tie"
1 doesn't own a computer can still play minesweeper
0 it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
0 so you listen to rap music but you're offended by "baby it's cold outside"
1 this is how a snake's mouth looks from the inside, i think everything is clear now
1 gays on their way home after pride weekend
0 california wildfire made millions homeless
0 if they steal this one i'm buying a horse
1 white children raped by muslims must 'shut their mouths for the good of diversity' says corbynite mp naz shah sack sicko labour mp naz shah
1 europe has been peaceful since they left the middle east has suffered since they arrived coincidence?
0 last time i checked.. i played army as a kid, not air force
0 when you have so much cocaine but nobody to share it with
1 schnazi the dachshhund "i have eliminated the chews"
0 being conjoined isn't easy
1 how muslims see us staring down the barrel of a .45........ how we see muslims
0 scientist have found that caucasians share 99.9% dna with us
0 wherever they go destruction follows
1 if there is no race it can't be homicide
0 tham that's methed up!!
1 90 percent of indians are idiots: justice markandey katju
1 apparently you can get a pull start on your dishwasher, who knew
0 when both ya girl and ya side piece cycle come on... y'all hoes friends now?
0 hitler eating dinner
0 portrait of a psychopath
0 if your man is offended by this then he's never been hunting
1 ratchet strap
0 traditional african tribe
0 i see no difference
0 brows can't be rushed just like a mustache can't be rushed, you'll end up with too little or the wrong shape
0 your pug is cute as hell that's my son
1 this is what it's like to be gay in iran
1 will you hurry up and die you chocolatey little fuck i'm fucking starving
0 all races are equal
0 pedal pedal
1 things white people do mass shootings smoke meth fuck their family members fuck animals steal from blacks lie about being racist suck as sports
1 this is the muslim brotherhood
0 leave no dog behind
1 islam is a religion of peace behead those who mock islam
1 manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem...
1 never wear gloves when operating rotating machinery retard
0 i don't always play golf but when i do i go balls deep
0 the left can't meme because the left is a meme
0 when your little car bomber brings home his first girlfriend
0 my liberal privilege kept me out of prison
0 when you realize you put your dick in crazy
1 white people worldwide need to know that south africa is a template for europe, america, australia, canada we jews control all white countries media & education
1 when you tryna not be islamaphobic but that dudes backpack a lil too bulky
0 cholos be like happy veteranos day ese
0 gets ready quickly takes nein hours
0 rise of the planet of the apes (1963
0 where's kaepernick? i need my car washed
0 someone get me out of here
0 they gone be feeling on my boooooty
0 obama trump pewdiepie's wedding
0 when you're discussing serious libertarian issues and a trump supporter pops in to agree with you
1 prize the real, not the imitation tranny men as 'women' women as women are fools gold are real gold
0 absolutely haram absolutely halal
0 politicians before elections politicians after elections
1 when muhammad goes in dry
1 look son another terrorist attack by peaceful muslims!
0 san francisco bans plastic straws, but will still provide plastic needles for its junkies
0 together we are stronger
0 but i'm happy in my little home the world changes around me
1 ah, i think we may have found the problem you appear to be a person of colour
0 life handed me lemons and i fucked them.. now my pee hole burns
1 visit germany before germany visits you
0 are you feeling well? is there anything i can get for you?
0 the jewish are strong for having survived this
0 when you stick it in her ass and hit a rock hard turd a duel!
0 influence elections? you mean like encouraging illegal immigrants to vote?
1 locked my keys in the car at the abortion clinic it was so awkward going in and asking for a coat hanger
1 impeach and deport ilhan omar "this is not going to be the country of white people. -rep. ilhan omar (d-mn)
0 when the serb kid starts talking mad shit
0 ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
0 my empathy for the suffering in gaza does not make me anti-semitic, nor does it make me pro-hamas or anti-israel. it makes me human it makes you a shill accomplice for hamas and hezbollah terrorists! if you don't see that,.. it makes you stupid!
1 you know what grinds my gears? niggers
0 me thinking about lunch 5min after clocking in
1 chevy guys be like we just got done muddin' ford guys be like we just got done muddin
0 what do you call a nun in a wheelchair? virgin mobile
0 when it's finally self car day
0 the white house is a dump because trump filled it with trash
0 49 people were killed at christchurch muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
0 when your little one brings home a new pet
1 new seatbelt design: 45% less car accidents
0 nice watch you got there david thanks, my dad sold it to me before he passed
0 our forever first wookie
1 be sure to spay or neuter your spouse today
0 brother.... a day without a blast, a day wasted zakir naik
1 i saw a black man carrying a tv i rushed home to see if it was mine nope, mine was still there, polishing my shoes
0 ahmed i love you too
0 what do you call a mexican without a car? carlos
1 retarded you are kill yourself u must
0 give me high five
0 don't be rude, folks go to their page and wish them a happy easter
1 the best thing about pulling a transgender. you know it will do anal
0 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it i can't
0 logan act arrest him now john kerry is now a treasonous pos
0 russia #freesentsov #freekolchenko
1 every woman need a good sucking vacuum cleaner
1 muslims muslims
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 hahaha good one let's burn 6 million to celebrate
0 i'd rather push a chevy than drive a ford
0 welcome to europe our government told us that diversity makes us stronger and we should adopt their culture
0 6 million lampshades never again
0 make america great again!!!
0 i see dead people they call me on the phone to complain about trump
0 this is my neighborhood after a great community event we tried to keep it clean !
0 how sad your life must be to put all of your hopes and dreams into this "man."
0 how dare people make fun of our peaceful religion
0 illegal caravan we got this!
0 i hurt my knee the other day but still gonna go christmas shopping
0 my body my choice
1 if you lick a woman's clit for 20 minutes she will revert to factory settings and all's forgiven
0 for heaven's sake, somebody get her more barbecue sauce
1 the first annual mohammed-a-thon
0 when your son claims he can lead the troop
1 1 little, 2 little, 3 little ni99ers
0 chase you? bitch please, i dont even chase my liquor
1 they struck our colors and raised their own if you are not pissed, then you are part of the problem!
0 hey muslim eat me!
0 she said i couldn't go fishing coz i had to mind the baby.. challenge accepted!!
0 survey: are you gay or straight? me: lidentify. as tired. i'm just tired
1 they stole ma chickin i stole their life
0 when duty calls!
1 when the special ed kid drops his penny
0 good luck hillary don't blow it
0 i just realized we know we don't want him in the same bathroom with our wives
0 i'm really feeling it now
1 sponge bob queer pants
1 so, you think by being a a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you ? you are a special kind of stupid
0 when latinas are mad at you this how they sleep
0 i said a glass of orange juice not just any juice
1 when your friend has been posting suicidal memes in the group chat all day then you hear an ambulance drive past you did it you crazy son of a bitch you did it
0 every hour a warrior fights alone call your brother
0 it is time.. to meet king arthur at the round table
1 men are like dogs we're excited to see you... and have no clue what you're mad about
1 trans women are women, trans women are women, trans women are women, trans women are women, she still gotta get a prostate exam at 40 tho
0 i like a good shower don't jew?
0 white people after they put the divider in between your groceries
1 my milkshake brings muslims to the yard, and they're like .. allahu akbar!
0 enough with the nazi jokes.. they make me fhrerious
0 never forget united we stand
0 whatsthe difference between heroin and i? cops think twice before shooting heroin
0 don't defile the lineage given to you by your forefathers do what's right, keep it white
0 when you ask for advice and they tell you to just be yourself you want me to get naked and start the revolution?
1 when the exchange student from america pulls out his assault rifle "we don't do that here
1 hmmm... let's see, what kind of conspiracy theory can i get those white trash followers of mine to fall for next ?
1 good morning gamers let's go kill some trannies
0 when your put in fb jail ..but your not... even sweatin cause of your back up account
0 need a hug ? i love hugs
1 when you have fashion show at 8 but you have to be in auschwitz camp at 9
1 deport illegal immigrants? let's start with white people
0 because of this guy i have multiple profile disorder
1 orange jews 100% concentrated
0 looking for peace praying for peace
0 a little bird told me it is going to be a beautiful day. i ate it
1 love is love respect
1 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 marks left by a chevy marks left by a ford
0 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 dropped my phone on my face and now it looks i got into a street fight
0 think pedophil hould be execut
0 put'n the "ham" in mohamed
1 four years for your bachelor's? i've worked 60 for my masters
1 hey volks...im back ? did jew miss me ?
0 when you bout high as fuck !
0 look dad im doing it you did it tyrone!
1 dam baby is that ass a school? cuz i wanna shoot some kids in it.
0 a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
0 you will never see refugees in america mistreated when things turn to shit, we welcome others with open arms, dust off our guns and try to help
0 "no, this is no good. you could fit a mexican child through here
1 if this is banned in islamic countries, shouldnt this be banned in western countries?
1 thinking before robbery
1 happy cinco de ported!
0 protect gays rights
1 muslims did this islam is not a religion! it's the world's largest death cult christian girl: killed for refusing to convert to islam this is islam
0 i'm free mos it's just texting
0 "vieques u.s. territory march 2019" constant military bomb explosions!! "
1 black pastors are the new house negroes the gatekeepers of mental slavery
0 i might be an asshole but at least i push my cart back to the cart return when i'm done with it...you lazy piece of shit
1 genuine dumbass mexican
0 holocaust makes me sad!
1 jesus christ may have 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish. but adolf hitler made 6 million jews toast
0 when you drop your care package and someone else takes all the loot
0 "a wiggle never hurt anybody." dorothy donegan pianist
1 gonna go outside #yolo anne frankly i thought she should have stayed home
1 72 dead in syrian chemical attack ha... rookie numbers
1 obama voters
0 to my followers who are in my notifications regularly i see you, and you're awesome
0 i do not want to hear anymore about gun control from a person who is making it easy for iran to obtain nuclear weapons!!!
0 i'm proof that even the dumbest student can one day lead the democrat party
1 my religion is the religion of peace if you don't believe in it we will kill you
0 i did the math we can't afford the cat
0 when you sleep with a jewish girl
0 when you're trying to keep eye contact but her cleavage game is strong
0 today taxi tomorrow freightliner
1 a good american is a dead american
1 most people see a junkie meth addict i see a punching bag and a $10 blowjob one man's trash is another mans treasure
0 i hate when walmart doesn't have what i need
0 the fuck you mean "do i smoke?" i smoke more than a jamaican bonfire
0 ford owner blew a rod wasnt talking about his engine
0 what's burning?
0 good morning sleepyhead
0 so you're against immigration? splendid! when do you leave?
0 pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 if i become a superhero would i be an ex-men or a trans-former
1 a muslim party
1 anything that doesn't belong to them black people
0 when you and your best friend hate the same person
0 got a new slow cooker today
0 those fucking idiots
0 most of ya'lls baby dads look like this and it shows
1 trust me the muslims wont rape you now
0 feeling cute may go out with my cousins later
0 one of the most sold items this holiday season!
0 come here girl let me smell yo butt
1 lawdi what wrong with these cherr'n?
0 yall ready to eat!?
0 oh i pissed you off? suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole, it's what i do
1 never trust women
1 once a year women go completely crazy for about 365 days
0 venezuelans are being marked with numbers to stand in line at government supermarkets 1832 this is what democrats want to bring to america
1 jew mad? fuhrererious
0 when you're doing introductions on the first day of class and your teacher makes you say 3 things about yourself an arm like a damn rocket, a cock like a burmese python and the mind of a fucking scientist
0 walking away from the bathroom after accidentally eating some gluten
1 it wasn't my fault my truck has tranny issue's
1 when you and ya partner see an unarmed black youth
0 when everyone loves your beautiful smile
0 what does a baby from auschwitz look like?
1 i will find you and i will kill you you black bastard
0 me: you wanna watch porn or golf? her: porn: you already know how to play golf
0 exclusive footage of barack and michelle's 1st kiss
1 oh, he's using you for sex? stop bitching, sex is awesome. complain when he's using you for laundry ..or a human shield
1 when you ask the jewsih girl for her number and she starts rolling up her sleeve
0 when you haven't stolen anything, used snap benefits or been loud at the movies for a few weeks
0 i eat ass
0 rock. paper. scissors throat punch!
0 these are not the terrorists terrorists want to brutally murderer you for being human. i do not.  you're looking for
0 now thats a picture of a brave individual
0 don't mind me just harvesting memes
0 on ur way going to d church, u see someone beating ur mum like dis what would you do?
0 when you spam your friends with kdrama and kpop memes i'm in the middle of gracing you with a divine blessing
1 when your girlfriend says treat me like a princess
0 dashing through the grass im coming to rape your ass
1 clint eastwood and michelle obama
1 the muslim plague is spreading like herpes
1 housing, free gas, free electricity, free healthcare and free education for my wives and children. to show graditude for your generosity, i'll groom your 12 year old daughters, blow up your trains, planes and buses and preach hate through a dawah stall in your local city and town centres with the purpose of turning your generous country into the same shithole i originally took refuge from, allahu akbar!
0 and god said let's make kittens soft and warm, like fuzzy hugs and put tiny razor blades on their feet
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 when you consume too much trans fat
0 2 years of trump in office: 37 indictments. 8 years of obama in office: 0 indictments
0 me: puts bag of popcorn into the microwave. everyone at the senior center :
0 authentic lunch in venezuela
0 your family story is waiting to be found at incestry.com
0 too young to drink coffee
1 literally me on social media *respect womens* me in irl *bang dishwashers* *respect womens*
1 2011 gt3 rs with a rebuilt tranny $157,876
0 samuel l jackson wearing a hat
0 sandwich law: no sandwich is complete without bacon
0 keep us safe from rats
1 lost african tribe
1 hey captain mexico are you able to leap tall trump walls in a single bound
0 when the cops ask to look in your niqab but they legally can't
0 then she said, "go with your other bitch!" bitch! you are my other bitch!
1 hey muslims kiss my american ass!
0 when you can smell shit but you're not sure if it's his arse or your hands
0 banging a squirter not fun for a gay man
0 once you go black so does your eye
0 hold my hookah pipe! when it comes to interracial marriage too many of our brothers are not marrying our sisters
0 even casey anthony cared enough about her daughter to vaccinate her
0 domestic abuse is not a laughing matter
1 whats worse than a female driver?
0 under the name of multiculturalism we let terrorist into this country
0 im this pretty because make up works miracles
0 do nothing about global poverty while sitting on golden throne and holding golden stick goes to heaven spend more than half of his fortune to fight global poverty goes to hell go home logic..!! you are drunk
0 get the camera out of my face!!
0 it's a beautiful day i think ill skip my meds and stir shit up a bit
0 if this terrorizes you and this doesn't something is very wrong with you
0 when you're at a party and no one wants to talk about fishing
0 how a woman tells society she is single
0 she's chilling with her new purchases
0 in norway we rape after dinner
0 the face you make after you just finished your morning prayer
1 when you look in your neighbor's yard and see an illegal immigrant mowing their lawn
0 albanians taking a photo
1 *lands plane successfully as planned * everyone at the twin tower:
1 stephen miller, architect of the policy to seperate children from their parents at the border. the jew with the soul of a nazi
0 mississippi wind chime
1 when the kush so good you lose chromosomes
0 i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
0 from no child left behind to no child left alive
1 ernie exclaims loudly "allhu akbar!" as bert banks towards the city's airspace
0 when your annoying neighbours are mowing their lawn suddenly when you go out to finally sun bathe
1 blame other countries for having no culture rape women everyday
0 how you show up for the pta meeting when you know your kid has been a little shit
1 donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be white trash
0 you mean to tell me you have so much clean water that you shit in it
0 a toast to the good life
1 arrest white babies before they become school shooters
1 "the master race'
0 then something amazing started to happen! last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids
0 you knew that was the wrong hole you're goddamn right i did!
0 when you look at your check stub and see how much federal and state took you raggedy bitch
0 end gun violence now
1 that face you make when 17 of your schoolmates have been shot dead and you're about to go on tv
1 this goat is so raw muslims are trying to fuck it!!
1 they still think i'm not a muslim they still think i'm a chick
0 i'm tired boss mostly i'm tired of doing time in fb jail because snowflakes get offended over everything
1 "your majesty, what's the secret to a long life?" "well kate, don't leave william for a fucking muslism."
0 hey dad can i have a car? hell no, son you can not
0 and you think confederate statues are offensive?
0 bitch please go back to england
1 vietnamese people be like hand me da meat hammer so i can torture john mccain's bawrr sack
1 lets erect a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1,500 miles long 30 feet tall and put it on the southern border
1 so, 2 gay guys walk into a bar and pick up a tranny
0 when your goats have sex before marriage
0 symbol of stupidity
1 just heard the term "non-binary"... wtf, not only do i have to be tolerant, but now i have to learn a new fkn language?! " now i have to learn a new fkn language?!
1 it's hump day!!! oh fuck!!!
1 world history in one sentence. these white men are dangerous
0 when you tell her to get ready to go, but you're just going to walmart
0 this red copper flipside can fit six wieners inside it just like your mom
0 when you pick up the wrong suitcase at the airport
1 when your dishwasher breaks so you give it a kick to make it work again my kids watching me beat my wife:
1 "never forget" -you said.. i am the proof- you have forgotten
0 when the russian investigation... leads to the democrats
0 you need some jesus
1 when an asian bitch says " you'll never find anyone like me"
1 go ahead, call the cops they can't un-rape you
0 these are kids, these are pigs please dont get us confused
0 the new space saving dishwasher you can hang it anywhere!
0 sorry white guys but i only date black guys
0 im long and strong and down to get the goat hump on
0 wanna impress me bitch jump in the air and stay there
0 one of the bullets they dug out of a victim from the orland gay night club shooting!
0 if they were really fighting for our frreedom this is what it would look like
1 no difference between both
0 baby bear gets arrested for being too cute
0 back in my day we didn't have cell phones
0 welcome to the generation where mental illness is glorified
1 when the jews found out it really wasn't a shower
0 when you take halloween a little too seriously
0 a short history of my snack regimen
0 old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
1 children at a muslim pop concert why are people attacking us?
0 when hoes backwash their drink
0 being muslim doesn't automatically make you a terrorist
0 we as american condemn terrorist attacks to our country
0 do i look like i give a fuck about your butthurt? how 'bout i butthurt my foot up your ass?
0 we will rebuild
1 are my sins forgiven now, father?
0 i'll be saving my resolution for 2019 i think i wanna be an asshole for 1 more year
0 burning them was a horrific event in the history
1 why isn't there a black guy in the clue board game? because then it would be called "solved"
0 money can't buy you happiness but hookers and coke don't make me sad either!
0 just got out of the pool wants to go swimming again
1 you can be any gender you want if you are mentally ill
0 muslim terrorist, spy anti semite the poster child of the left
0 an artistic rendition of jesus
0 all people in this world deserve help
0 mandatory vaccinations '' no exemptions
0 and that was the last nativity play my son was invited to take part in
0 when you start second guessing why you started the fight
1 this is my michael brown
0 im confident in my own skin
0 can you see the difference?
0 that blood you donated could be in someone's boner right now
0 corn shit lemon piss
0 so, 100 americans and 300 russians walked into a mg 42
1 dad, what is humanity? i don't know son, we are zionist
0 doesn't matter what clan we all need to stick together
1 fuck christians... fuck the bible... and fuck jesus christ
0 michelle obama was voted one of the most beautiful people of 2015! by who? the national association for the blind!
1 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
0 hitler posing to a recording of one of his speeches
1 broken dishwasher for sale or rent
1 immigrant problem problem fixed
0 tfw your friend says that kirk is better than picard
1 when your wife wont have sex, but your 16 year old step daughter just came home blackout drunk.
0 when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
1 democrat jan schakowsky defends ilhan omar: 'she comes from a different culture' where they want to kill all the jews
1 this one time at camp someone had too much gas
0 when you want your passenger to stop talking
0 dont drink with him he cant hold his liouor
0 algebra and geometry are fine, but graphing is where you draw a line
0 hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number i'll gas your baby
0 it looks like it was ultimately obama who was behind the entire plot to undermine the trump presidency. muslim plant forget the russians, here is the real enemy!
0 they laughed when i said that i will drain the swamp they're not laughing now !!
0 rotissified
1 oh look, men
0 dude you've got the ugliest dog i've ever seen
1 when you accidentally wish "sweet dreams" your diabetic friend
1 "comedian" sarah silverman says pro-life laws "make me want to eat an aborted fetus" then one day for no reason at all they started putting people in camps
0 what do you get when you cross a pedophile and a pirate arrrrrrr kelly
1 in 2011 trump said, "all americans are idiots" in 2016 they proved it
0 hurry up son, the owner is coming
0 rollin' they see me hatin' they be
1 hey muslims eat me!
0 when you're dedicated to working out everyday
0 "look dude a second hand store !!"
0 when did you two get married again?
0 meanwhile.. back at #nevertrump command center
1 white people just nasty!!!
1 minnesota rep. ilhan omar (d) calls to defund homeland security well she is a terrorist so.
0 that look you give when dressed to the t
1 maybe the catholic church protects pedophile preists because the last time christianity shunned a pedophile he started islam?
0 stop racism black children and white children are the same
0 how to put a refugee baby to sleep in less than one minute
0 democrats, 1961 ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country democrats, 2018 free sh*t!
0 how black people became christians
0 sea monkeys
0 when you walk in on your goats making passionate love
0 happy president's day mr. president!
0 then they gave me a crown of thorns and whipped me it was so hot i came twice
0 the constitution applies at the border too! stop illegal searches
0 i am happy to work with animals
1 the entire world: the great war killed millions germany: you gotta pump those numbers up!
0 when you don't need a squad bc you are the squad
0 dont talk about him because hes gay shut up bitch
1 i hate cupcakes and women
1 when white people learn that fish swim in schools
0 when your baby is small enough to fit in a shoe box so you take advantage of cute baby pictures
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
1 when you hit up a white girl to match and she pulls out a needle oh no baby what! is you doing??
0 gravity? never heard of it
1 when you find out a brown man talking to your sister
0 adorable african kid appreciating life
1 all muslims are terrori but all terrorists are muslim
1 see this? it means furfags not welcome!
0 her back must hurt
1 not sure what's in the fridge, but this dishwasher is about to get a big load
0 when the un adds another million to the holocaust death toll ''
0 you know the macarena by heart
0 "the master race'
1 is it offensive to ask a pregnant jewish woman if she has one in the oven
0 if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
0 what hitler did was not just homicide he commited genocide
0 rest in peace
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 if i was uncircumcised i'd hide candy in my dick skin so when a girl about to suck me up, she has a pleasant surprise.. oh my god, skittles
0 bubbles of fun !
1 patrick kenneth x scandal lebron james
0 beep beep motherfucker
0 roses are red, violets are fuck i count to potatoe, then to firetruck
0 when schools out for the summer
0 mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
1 even i can see  duke sucks
0 questioning america's support for fascist israel ... is unacceptable
1 you're a rapist, you're a rapist, all mexicans are rapists!
0 how you feel when your a blacksmith
0 be greatful for the clothes you wear
0 flowers for martin luther king day
1 this is not the middle-east where america is hated and muslim terrorist are born in michigan
0 if trump gets elected, i'm leaving the country! like and share if you think i should leave
1 when wwe has a ppv in world war ll germany incineration chamber
1 the pimp hand strong enough for man but made for teaching
0 me and styrofoam... yup...both white trash
0 if you're not grilling at my grave site we were never really friends
0 moses was the first to know of the 10 commandments
1 removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye
1 the annual gathering of the female amputees club the beach was literally crawling with pussy
0 oh sweetie it's a little late for that new york is it though?
0 show me a better date. i'll wait...
0 epstein was found unresponsive in his jail cell a nurse then attempted "life- -saving procedures "
0 still waiting on my uber eats
1 what's black and screams? stevie wonder answering the iron
1 isoroku yamamoto: i just attacked pearl harbor hitler: what why would you do that? isoroku yamamoto: i'm gonna be honest...i'm kind of retarded
0 i don't always listen to socialists... ...but when i do, i buy more ammo
0 bro you didn't go through extensive childhood trauma? that's pretty cringe
0 i like to keep my xanax in with my tic tac's fresh breath and a fresh attitude
0 we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
1 whatcha thinking about? wind speed and direction, humidity, distance, drop rate
1 when you stuff your jewish chicken before you give it a good roast
0 when you insult an edgy kid
1 here's to you obama, your transgender agenda helped me fish out all the mentally ill on my friends list
0 we have enough thoughts and prayers please send bobs and vagine
0 hey, you
1 the world calls it: love god calls it: abomination
0 what do you mean "your chair" i don't see you sitting in it
0 drink responsibly? shhiiit... responsibility is why i drink
1 here's all you need to know about men and women. women are crazy, men are stupid. the main reason women are crazy is because men are stupid
0 help refugees
1 this isn't even my final form
1 rebuilt tranny blew a tranny automatic tranny
0 i'm not inturupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped i'm your new mom. well, i'll be a son of a bitch
0 now there's a guy
1 im white trash and im in trouble
0 "those that attack one muslim, are attacking all muslims" those that attack one american, are attacking all americans!!
1 oh god!... when will this white fuckers understand this is not their country
0 blackpeoplemeet.com
0 the first president they can't control ....and they don't like it!
0 stop asking! we don't have to tell you where the money went collected $13 billion for haiti built 6 houses laws are for little people
0 what in the cornbread hell
0 when you're fuhrking her from the back and she says "i'll pay the gas bill daddy."
0 you're in the wrong neighborhood motherfucker
1 when you have a small dick and tell a jewish girl to suck it. i can't
1 what if i told you blacks should not vote
0 tell me this... did we ever see obama's school records, his tax returns, his social security records, or his selective service records?
0 im ready to have some fun
0 when you catch your goat running from the farm ya done fucked up
1 commander! our transgender battalion needs reinforcements!
0 i came out of your what!?
0 my gynocologist says i can't have sex for 2 weeks what did your dentist say ?
1 black people then black people now
0 deep the stupid runs swallow your mother should have
0 everyone else's butt vs my butt
0 so you follow politics and think only the other party tells lies
0 monkey blood
0 hot wax really whack
1 i suppose a sandwich is out of the question?
0 anne frank smiling
0 helping a child in need
0 my fragile heart at my sex drive - stay back, slut
0 for someone somewhere in america today will be the last day they have ten fingers
0 you sick... freak!!!
1 got a new slow cooker today
0 this is what vitiligo looks like in african males
1 muslims zombies both carry a virulent disease that transforms the host into a mindless, irrational, and above all violent creature
1 what's the deal with the palestinian people? there's no palestine and they aren't people!
1 everyone jews why does the world hate us ?
0 manditory vaccinations with no exemptions i do nazi the problem....
0 education $1000 a child's smile priceless
0 me and the boys after killing innocent people in a bomb blast
0 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
1 why is kinder egg black outside and white inside? because if it was black inside, the black would steal the toy
1 to see better, asians sometimes switch to fullscreen view
0 after 3 million years of evolution we still love to relax
0 likes to play games with friends favorite game is called "child soldiers"
0 lock her up and throw away the key
0 who said i couldn't do it ?
1 "a group of fish is called a school." americans:
1 how women win an argument
1 jesus is love, and he welcomes all homosexuals into heav.. don't be decieved! homosexuals will not inherit the kingdom of god!
0 excited little girl enjoying her new wheelchair
0 this sunday.. don't forget to set your clock forward one hour
0 never again
0 when the weed man throw in a little extra
1 islam without all the liberal propaganda
1 when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
1 god : *creates women* humans : *creates dishwashers* god :
0 father holding his newborn daughter
0 a dictator.. emphasis on the dic*
0 i don't understand i thought we killed everyone that had dirt on us
1 hey canada....!!! your getting a wall too you fucking snow mexicans
0 hillary clinton caught telling the truth! april fools!
1 why is the first one not judged but the second one offends? nuns don't randomly explode
0 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. here i'm free to talk trash about this country in hopes it changes into a country where i'm forced to keep my mouth shut
1 i am a gamer not because i don't have a life but because i hate women and minorities
0 #usher and i have something in common we both got burned
1 what's the difference between a walrus and a lesbian? one smells like fish and has a moustache and the other is a walrus!
1 farmville 1943 deluxe
0 having dinner after a long working day
0 when someone starts acting all friendly, but you already know what they really are
1 racism is realizing that these are not the same species
0 never related to something so much. pro ductivity crastinate
1 transgender nibbas waiting for the signal light to turn red so they can start begging
0 let me remind you i brutally beat my girlfriends there is plenty of evidence including a police report. i'm still #2 at the dnc and my party is silent about the matter
0 when you tease your husband in public
1 the number 1 cause of islamophobia is the behaviour of muslims
1 chocolate melts at 86*f
0 this is how y'all look defending trump don't touch my garbage
0 i see! '' ''
0 this is what it's like to be gay in iran
0 you get nothing, you loose! good day sir!!!!
0 we haven't t seen any new jesus appearances on pancakes in a while i hope he's okay
0 damn video games
0 what pelosi is saying in a nutshell if you don't allow unvetted immigrants to illegally enter the country we'll take away your guns
1 bitches are like stitches pick on them and they open up
0 goat yoga is becoming very popular
0 when you haven't stolen anything in a week
1 this is how lesbians have sex
1 islam is the religion of peace! if you don't agree i kill you!
1 hmmm, wonder if i can get a couple of them muslim sex slaves!?!?!
0 not all black people are criminals
0 i had a little broblem at school today, but i solved it. -oh, and here's your gun back
0 here will soon be a painting of a beautiful quran
0 when u forget to lock ur basement door and ur pets try to run away
1 why do muslim woman wear a mask it's easier to hide their fur
0 what does a baby from auschwitz look like
1 fuck islam b===d~ shit on mohammed and koran
0 whydo keep these liberals fight to and fight to kill these
1 welcome home sodomite time for eternal suffering
0 just found out about racism i like it
0 your black neighbor after you called the cops
1 when you see your goat with another man
0 oh, you're tired of my anti-trump posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
0 i wish i was your baby.. so i could spend 9 months inside you
1 when the squad is about to get lit.
0 jewber: uber for jews
1 laughs in 52% of us crime rate
1 "look at the plane, it's your uncle samir *was"
0 it's sad obama you had the chance of a lifetime to build a bridge, so we could all walk across it together instead you did everything you could in your power to divide us and make us hate one another, yeah, you built that!
0 always love your mother even if she's batshit crazy
1 if jesus rode ass why do christians hate gay people?
1 when liberals defend islam they defend beating women, killing homosexuals, rape,pedophilia, murdering babies, and beheading christians!
1 maury show for on my way to the the 8th time
1 why does a bride wear white? to match the dishwasher, stove and fridge
0 just because someone is here illegally doesn't mean they broke any of our laws
1 when each letter is a mental disorder
1 how i see kim burell everytime she grabs a mic!
0 modern japanese '' ''
1 together, my brothers, the islamic state will rise
0 sometime you gotta feed people some bullshit just to see who they run back and tell
0 i put the "ape" in rape
1 what women think they'll do when the economy collapses vs what they'll actually do
0 when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
0 automatic tranny rebuilt tranny blew a tranny
1 do you have any idea how black you were going?
0 this is what happens when you don't spank your kids..
0 i don't always trust democrats... but when i do, i trust them to steal my money, spy on me, cause the cost of living to go up and sell out my country
0 i'm trying to decide if i should start some shit today or not
0 i'm so patriotic i piss red, white, and blue. the doctor told me it might be pancreatic cancer. i told him to shut his commie mouth
1 why do black people smell bad? so blind people can hate them too
1 do the goyim hate me because i am a subversive parasite with double standards? no, its because they are anti semits
1 we have to exterminate all gays
0 just waterin' the dirt
1 transgenderism used to be the subject of psychological horror films now it's the new normal and if you don't agree with the psychos... you're not normal
1 every chocolate girl needs some beating
1 why do asians have eyes like this? isn't it hard to see?
0 we talked about it i agreed dinner would be ready on time in the future
0 only in america could these people consider themselves the "master race"
1 a muslim walks into a gay bar. bartender: what will it be? muslim: free shots for everyone!
0 damn, that's hot!
0 voting for hillary is like letting casey anthony watch your kids because she's not guilty
0 public lynchings took place in the u.s. less than a century ago
0 it's messed up you can accidentally make a baby but you can't accidentally make a pizza
0 racing for pink slips in africa
0 look your dad fucked goats.. i capped him...sorry..
0 dat ass ahmarbkrich*d
0 four years for your bachelor's? i've worked 60 for my masters
0 when you have to take another picture for mom
1 america has stolen the jews the jews of god. his jewelry. the negroes they are the true hebrews. google it
0 i'm going to hate the way i sound i guarantee it
0 oh, i pissed you off? well suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole, it's what we do
0 cammed corvette starts up mustang pisses itslef
0 when you pull up and yell "kobe" and the shot actually goes in a part of him lives within me, doesn't it
0 what i say about the gunman every time there's a mass shooting
0 this sunday... don't forget to set your bomb forward one hour
1 for the love of god change that diaper on your head, the crap is leaking out
1 stop crying that was only one finger
0 survives ebola thankful to see another day
0 the weekend be like
0 i agree hi 5 bro
1 dad, dishwasher is loaded again '' ''
1 i tried to play uno with my mexican friends but they kept stealing all of the green cards
1 saddle up motherfuckers it's time to play cowboys & muslims
0 what would i do if she was pregnant
0 why u add me troii no trolls allowed !!! you the feds?
0 send him to... meowschwitz
0 dont mind me just watering my muslims
0 humans run the world don't sleep on us
0 andy, she's a nut!!!
1 when you found your wife is cheating on you ya allah
0 you either die an idiot who can't spell or you live long enough to see yourself become a grammar nazi
0 and just like that democrats hate mueller more than trump
0 its white it's a house what difference at this point does it make?
1 men are such pigs, i hate them all why can't i ever get a date, i'm so lonely
0 i just chased 25 000 high paying jobs out of new york imagine what i'll do for the rest of the country
0 i am the biggest piece of shit in london!
0 when you get pulled over and you know your license suspended
0 jerry nadler's back on tinder
0 how a black woman can fight crime
0 sweet jesus we're delicious
0 i never get a straight answer for this ''
0 the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour rashida tlaib ocasio-cortez
1 from here i will see muslims fuck up europe, attack innocent people & europeans waking up
0 charlie sheen after his tigers blood kicks in
0 when you've finished with your life of crime
1 who would win? ching-chongs one eggy boi
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 enough with the nazi jokes, they're making me fuherious
0 i love pancakes
1 do you have any idea how black you were going
0 quick... they're escaping from the cake!
1 i don't always see muslims at the public swimming pool but when i do, i always tap this sign
0 sea monkeys
1 boys are the devil
0 every time your girlfriend enters the bathroom you take 4 shots
0 when you walk in your room and your uncle is naked on your bed. this is where the fun begins
1 chinese people be like happy thanksgiving
0 why yes i'm part indian i'm from the smackahoe tribe
0 when you catch your goat with another man
0 jussie smollet taken at gunpoint in maga country
1 i like to hit on women with black kids because i can guarantee they're single
0 puts on sunblock doesn't protect from harmful rays
0 welcome to the future
0 oh lord jesus happy birthday
1 that shit's gayer than sticking your dick in an exhaust pipe
0 i wish i was there and had my gun to help them
0 marriage is simple your wife does whatever she wants and you do whatever she wants
1 this is my neighborhood after the mexicans moved in. welcome to the future of america
0 i know you like her son, but you can't just pull a girls hair... until she's 30 or so. they actually come around on this one
1 when you ask your dad who is a retired drill sargent to build you a ginger bread house
0 dark humor is like food not everybody gets it
0 companies when pride month ends
0 the deep-state is about tobe barr-becued
0 why aren't the needs of children everywhere being met?
1 never forgive a people !!! who $old your babies then made you love theirs
0 when your asked about the feature film and you get this look. all right, then. keep your secrets
0 "we demand our city be made a sanctuary city for illegals!" "they are trying to send illegals to our sanctuary city!!!
1 perfect girls don't exi-
1 dad: we need to tell you something.. your mother and i are siblings alabama kids:
1 israel israel is mak ko hijau mother of terrorism
0 what did you hear on the wiretap, barry? he said he really is going to make america great again
0 cheers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with information that contradicts their beliefs
0 hey kids for a good time dial #666-hot dawg
1 my friends and i dont shoot eachother in the streets like most people do we do it in schools, because we have class
0 nein shits given
0 mexico first america last
0 we destroy the world and kill a lot of people. know the history and learn from it
0 you see this pig? it's called muhammad
0 i went to walmart and picked up brand new shoes
0 talking to your ex be like why you always lying
0 holocaust jokes arent funny, anne frankly, i'm getting tired of them
0 i'm making fuck off pie today 1 can of nobody cares, a dash of kiss my ass, add some fuck you's, stir, then shove it up your ass. now fuck off!
1 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
0 look dad im doing it you did it tyrone! you stole your first bike
0 how i feel when i pick germany in a world war 2 game
0 and just like that liberals didn't want illegal immigrants in their sanctuary cities
1 no islam in europe go home
1 it hurts the poor muslim's feelings? well, whoopty doo... this aint arabia meathead
0 rare photo of two us soldiers held up in japanese war camp
0 when you save it because you thought it was just burnt up
0 pedal faster patrick, the owners are coming
0 whats the difference between ray rice, kareem hunt, tyreek hill and the man pictured here: he played 14 game seasons
0 looking forward to a night out
0 no i dont want to kiss you i don't know why my girlfriend is mad
0 no border walls and no voter i.d. laws... ...figure it out yet??
0 don't judge me for what i wear omg i was thinking the same thing
0 smh kids these days rely too much on technology
0 newly elected muslim u.s. rep. rashida tlaib "because we're gonna go in there and we're gonna impeach the mother***er. '"
0 friends tired of your politics? here is a picture of a kitten you can share
0 sometimes, i crunch up my jizz when it dries and i bring the white powder to parties and watch people snort my cock sand i do this all the time
0 this is a snakes mouth it looks like a vagina
1 islam: how many more are we going to have to murder... ...before the world realizes that we are the religion of peace?
0 michelle is very jealous she didn't get a yummy hog dog to eat
0 some people did something again.
1 here's a painting of a handbook for terrorists
0 what's worse than ants in your pants? uncles
1 maximum concentration
1 human rights and democracy english style australia 1904
1 53% of white women voted for trump 53% of white women should look like this
0 america 1962: we're going to the moon! america 2017: building a wall is impossible!
0 enough is enough children are more important than freaks
1 this is the world if transgenderism and homosexuality never exsisted
1 israel we teach, terrorism,sir!
0 sometimes i feel ugly but then i think of my sister and get over it
0 morgan freeman has been old my entire life. 2000 2017
1 so like, why are men even gay? girls have buttholes too you know..
1 the face i make when they still believe in the holocaust being real and have no idea ww2 was started by the zionist jews to bring back germany under jewish control
1 what is the difference between a hockey player and a feminist? a hockey player will shower after three periods
0 i win again! parkinson's center
1 you can kill muslims but you can't kill islam
0 not all feminist are this extreme
0 i told them to get chick fil a . but it was sunday
0 waters on trump: "impeachment first, prison next!" do you think the president colluded with russia?
0 when you have to stand very still bc there's an active shooter
0 if they don't like it here they can leave!
1 whats worse than raping a def girl? breaking her fingers after so she can't tell anyone
0 ain't no allah back girl
0 looking at you your condition is improving
0 let me show momma what i found
0 fought in iraq war died at 34 started iraq war on lies made $40 billion profit
0 not on my watch
1 when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
1 yeah bitches 6,000,000 kill streak
0 what would i do if she got pregnant
1 holy shit look at the gas bill
1 skinny guys are outdated get yourself a fat fucking retard
0 what if i told you common core was purposely designed to be confusing and frustrating so parents will look ignorant and children will get confused and feel stupid because uneducated kids who've been programmed to depend on the state for answers make much better conformist debt slaves in the future
1 makes offensive heidi crowter meme looks "down" in shame
1 i had a dream but james earl ray had a remington
1 how long can he run? till the chain tightens
0 you used so much oil bp is already claiming they weren't involved
0 for the love of god help me change the diaper on my baby the crap is leaking out
1 the face they make when you've left the "plantation" and you no longer think like them
0 two jewish women saved by solviets from aushwitz concentration camp (circa 1945, colorized)
0 when you have no stress weighing you down
1 how can i accept trans people? if they can't even accept themselves
1 muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019
0 no image
0 predatory behaviour james charles bye sister
0 i hang a sock on my doorknob so my roommate knows not to come in because i'm busy fucking the other sock
0 when you get a cute new haircut just before pitcure day
0 america be like never forget get over it
0 my husband is always pushing me around.... and talking behind my back
0 i got 99 problems and optimisim
0 a moment before threesome:-
1 the bigger the head, the smarter you are
0 if y'all only knew it be the baddest one on that shit cocaine users weed users
0 orange is the new black
1 farm equipment and livestock don't mix
1 kylie's pregnant i'm gonna be a tranpa !
1 wait, mohammad come back!! i didn't mean to laugh,really size doesh't matter to me lol
0 "las cosas mas gratis" (the most free stuff) in case you missed the debate.... free stuff! more free stuff! even more free stuff!
1 when a white person sees a black person being arrested our people are safe
0 come and take it
0 most people are just mediocre minded cowardly conformists because its comfortable & simple i'm not one of those people
0 when you find someone with the same taste in memes
1 i don't see whats wrong with him other than he stole that wheelchair
1 nein shawty its ya bday anne frankly i hope you celebrate it with bae
1 the ku klux klan killed 3446 blacks in a span of 86 years since 2016 blacks killed 1891 other blacks in chicago alone
1 i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of poop
0 how men who ride crotch rockets check on their pizzas
0 rich theft '' ''
1 i love anal, but my sister hates it
0 this is my watermelon. there are many like it but this one is mine
0 what happened to my damn balls!!
0 whoever photoshopped this is a huge jerk
1 trade you an already fucked chicken
1 oh boy can't wait to clean myself up in the 90065 showers that the guards are taking us to!
0 left the kitchen too many times
0 selfie time
1 look, mom! it's a faggot!
1 why isn't my drain working? probably cause the pipes black
0 iran is going to attack us even if we have to do it ourselves
0 when your friends no matter how different you grew up
0 let's play the game of flags
0 if he were a starving child i'm sure he would have a different sense of humor
0 last year tyrone got a new job, started building his credit, and spending more time with his kids then something amazing started to happen!
0 migrants in paris migrnts in sweden liberals in america
0 quick, which one is a bb gun? oops, too late . . . you're dead
0 on my way home had a hard week
0 apparently the british public can't put their finger on the problem
0 "yo bro ask the c.o. why he ain't pop my door"
0 they call me a goat because i am the greatest of all time
0 ethnic jesus
0 much butthurt, i sense in you
1 i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
0 me. saving refugees "nice try"
0 where's my water?
0 1 in 10 people live next to a pedophile not me, i live next to three gorgeous 13 year olds
1 how much did the holo cost
0 nancy pelosi doing her impression of the dying democrat party
1 black girl with green contacts? bitch, stop it. you look like an xbox
0 oh my god... i'm never drinking again
1 we said we would never forget why are you voting then into our government?
0 hey guys wanna buy some magic?
1 that's enough facebook for today  this sammich isn't going to make itself!
0 years after this event we have strong women of color in congress and it can only get better
1 girl out here looking like a gallon of arizona iced tea
0 the guy above me fingers his cat
1 "ay,tone. so da franks was transferred to multiple camps. shouldn't they have whacked her da first time? doesn't seem very efficient."
0 when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
0 hanging your panty's out to dry in the sun because the dryer can't dry this out !
1 when you die for getting 72 hoors when you realise all are goats
1 when the black kids start fighting at school
1 but wait there's more
1 save the environment kids fuck that gay shit
0 when you catch your goat with another man
1 muslims claim noah was a muslim and noah brought pigs on the boat? happy sinday
1 world history in one sentence. these white men are dangerous
1 who were the fastest readers in the world? the 9/11 victims cause they went through 87 stories in 10 seconds
1 when i grow up.. lol nevermind
0 mission: get out of bed status: close enough
0 joke time! 3 muslims walk into a bar.
1 when you shoot up the school and somebody else gets blamed for it we stand here amid my achievement, not yours!
0 old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
1 how to get a black guy to see his baby
0 how christians act in a religious discussion
1 well, it was tough getting this community up to standards but were alwhite now shadowy place over there? but what's that dont talk black to me you little n ewborn african
1 when the squad is about to get lit.
1 companies when pride month ends:
0 roses are red, grass is green pls show bobs and vagene
1 sandwiches we can do it !
0 mess with me and you mess with the whole trailer park
0 we are in a civil cold war with the bill of rights on the line! so wake up!
0 teach your kids to drag race and they'll never be able to afford drugs
0 how mexicans be like... when they hear their friends kid is having a birthday party
1 adding coolant when the farm equipment overheats
0 i hate buffalos they ruin my land
0 meanwhile at the isis strip club
0 this makes me puke i want justice for all of them
0 what the people deserve: the right to love who they want the right to equal pay and respect the right to become a citicen and work hard like the rest
1 made rice krispies way before kellogs
0 hi hacker bro we are muslim brotherhood
0 all this rich history and people still don't understand that sikhs and muslims are different people
1 jewish privilege running all the banks and fleecing us with their usury white privilege getting blamed for the world's problems by jewish supremacists
0 will you tell the cat bullying is not okay?
1 greetings tranny time to die
0 i beat children
1 imagine a group of people filled with so much hatred they have to make laws making it illegal to hate them
0 cannibalism
1 how cops subdue whites blacks see the night and day responses
0 the holocaust is a sad moment in history
0 his legacy , destroyer of the greatest nation on earth his weapons of mass destruction seated now in congress, socialism and sharia law a deadly combination to any society,,
0 this is nahir born in germany. nahir is german. this is fluffy born in america. fluffy is american
0 class! class! listen! daylight savings ends today you must move your clock forward one hour
1 slave salesman:*slams hand on head* this baby can pick so much fucking cotton, only comes in one color tho
1 when cops see an unarmed black youth: "i want every gun we have to fire on that man."
1 black guys when her ass is fat asian guys when her titties are big white guys when she's your step sister
0 i'm taking my clock to school
1 if he's marrying me then why's he fucking a goat
0 are u a wizard?
0 stirring the pot good job!!!
0 when your teacher has a monotone voice
1 whites and dogs they smell just alike
0 you don't have a cat? this is your lucky day! i'm moving in!
0 the cast of the view heading out to protest trump
1 want to rape, steal & murder with no moral repercussions? then islam is definitely the religion for you
1 what do a bicycle and a nigger have in common? neither works without chains
1 whats wrong with your skin? why is it like that? oh you're black? thats pretty cringe
0 grab her by the.. nevermind
0 when your mom tells you to clean up your room but you just cleaned it
1 nationalism is beauty feminism isn't
0 why can't we spend money on education instead of drugs
0 dodge owners be like don't take a picture
0 i guess it's all ok to demand that president trump release his taxes i received $16 billion in 2018 to fix my rat infested shithole district in west baltimore and i never did it.. asking me where the money disappeared to, makes you all a bunch of racists!!!! but i guess it's not ok to ask this guy what he did with baltimore's money
0 beats by dre beats by tyrone
1 feeling pretty cute might blow something up later....idk yet
1 islam is the religion of peace! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
0 over heard my daughter telling her friend she was curious what it would be like to date a black guy so ... i showed her!
0 asked for romantic sex sticks a lit candle up my ass
0 i want to be inside your lady garden gnomesaying?
1 see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them juicy medium rare is best
1 ok perhaps nigger
0 refuses to do it doggy style because she doesn't want to have puppies
1 ultimate terrorist lure position decoy and wait
0 when you forget the bomb codes
1 i will kill this white man ooo wwe fans
0 10-year-old me: *is in gifted class* *reads at a high school level* *is pretty good at math* *has a bright future* depression: i'm about to end this man's whole career
1 black no felony cereal no milk.. keep it going
0 when your 8 year old wife isn't home but your goat is improvise. adapt. overcome
0 got a new slow cooker
1 you'd be angry too if you just found out your goat was cheating on you
1 when karen helps u camouflage the crackhouse
1 talks about good morals day and night gets a boner from looking at a goat's ass
1 nice tes content nigger
0 when all your peaceful solutions fails you kno what old problems require old solutions
0 when your goat tells you she ain't on the pill
0 sea monkeys
0 you can say a lot of bad things about pedophiles but at least they drive slowly past schools
0 how long can i run? as long as i'm selling records
0 we've been at peace with japan since 1945 time to make peace with islam
1 we had a minor gas leak
1 every man needs a decent coffee maker
0 knock, knock. who's there not this bitch ( obviously )
0 the porn again christian
0 you can be any gender you want
1 when the school shooter accidently shoots the autistic kid but doesn't know that the tard strength makes him impervious to bullets
1 sorry white guys but i only date black guys
1 when somebody ask's a jew why they are jewish.. "i think of myself as above the average person "
0 yes sir, i voted for donald trump
1 women are like monkeys they don't let go of one branch until they have a firm grip on the next
0 white people be like : inside outside
0 felt cute.. might delete later!
1 women deserve equal rights
0 same
0 looking at you sorry no cure
0 if you make a camp to help kids with adhd is it a conentration camp?
1 did you know your dishwasher is also capable of washing your motorcycle?
0 flights now offered directly to your office
1 when fat white girls sit on the toilet
0 loving parents
0 you hated george w. bush for his illegal wars and assault on civil liberties but you love obama?
0 monday at skul after watching sarafina
1 trayvon martin update ever since he turned white, he stopped being a criminal
0 year in review: 2017 black sellout of the year goes to...... clarke whitlock ray ray trump pastor sheriff
0 what do you mean being funny isn't just saying hoes mad?
0 the best part about a prostitute dying on you is you get the second hour free
0 this is really out of mein kampfert zone
0 note to self. if she is a squirter wait till it warms up outside
1 "islam is love!" ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah, if you're a goat ***
1 they say there's safety in numbers tell that to 6 million jews
0 show me your bare naked ankles you dirty whore
1 does anyone know where i can get a rag? there's 49 of them on the floor in a mosque
0 when all the younglings are cornered in a room this is when the fun begins
0 a young girl holding a gun
1 when buslim nibba see his sister
1 when you haven't stolen anything in a week
0 shutting the fuck up is vegan and gluten free you should add that to your diet
0 this was the text i sent my sister fwd this to 10 ppl or u will die in a car crash before she died in a car crash
0 the enemy within ilhan omar linda sarsour ocasio-cortez rashida tlaib the enemy has infiltrated congress
1 guys out there can spot fake jordans, but can't spot a tranny this newport tho
1 fact: ethiopian food is so rare that locals dont even eat it ethiopian food
0 for no reason here's an image of bacon and cats
0 selfish people never notice how you live and die, they never notice your love and care towards them they notice when you left them and they realise they can't use you anymore
1 stop racism black children and white children are the same
0 no means no unless she says yes then it's on
0 what are they fighting over? is it: a) the last pan ducle b) he accidentally touch the homies hand passing a beer? c) foo used the last of the three flowers. d) homie said "i got you on gas" but he only has $3!
0 i was craving five guys before it was a restaurant
1 trump's transgender military ban is the best thing ever share if you agree
0 i have a dream thats me with the belt
0 "one mans trash is another man's treasure" is a great quote but, it's a shitty way to tell a kid they're adopted "
0 "democrats have a difficult time connecting with voters because of how smart we are... because we know so much." ~ sen. mazie hirono (d hi)
1 fuck off muslims! suck pork not sharia compliant a looney allah production
1 how to pick up jewish chicks
0 unless life also gives you water and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck
0 trump be thinking.. you can't lose in 2020 if there is no 2020
0 in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut. but here i i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that it can soon change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
0 i love this game
1 muslim +hunt = less muslims
0 him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: thats the oven him: oh..
0 the results of putting a starbucks next to an outdoor basketball court
0 you said you would be on my side
0 haters
0 what if i told you the on-ramp is designed for you to reach the same speed as traffic before merging
0 there are the apes that i helped to save
0 if you ever feel down just remember there are people that are down their whole life
1 so, you think by being a muslim sympathizer, this will somehow keep us from killing you you are a special kind of stupid
0 wait, mohammad come back!! i didnt meah to laugh, really size doesn't matter to me lol
0 want a spin ?
1 opens inbox "lemme suck your dick" goes to profile its a tranny
0 me cis girls
1 you can't be racist if there is no other race
0 how your booty feels after the taco bell drops
0 when you hear monsanto lost its 1st round up cancer trial and the jury awarded the victim $289 million dollars... ...and thousands of cases are still awaiting trials..
1 america first rag heads fuck you people trump 2020 you are the enemy of the people
0 when my autistic son finds out we're having chicken for dinner
1 women rights in islamic countries
0 when she said all men are dogs
1 i wish jew a happy brithday
1 what's missing from a_schwitchz? u
1 opens ice cream shop only sells shakes
0 they've started pouring the foundation for the obama library in chicago
1 i'm not racist, racisim is a crime. and crime is for black people
1 when i was in high school i got braces a friend told me, "you're so black, even your teeth are behind bars,"
1 when a white person tells you happy cinco de mayo but you know deep in their heart they eywant you deported @sepasanmemes fucker
1 jew: *walks out of the shower* hey man, can i get a towel? auschwitz guard:
1 if homosexuality is genetic how does that get passed on?
1 i hear in heaven i'll fuck muslims
1 oh boy i freaking hate niggers
1 dis one time at concentration camp i got such bad gas
1 i have 5 genders no. you have a personality disorder
1 what if i told you transgender is actually a mental illness called delusional psychosis
1 my black flag brings all the goats to the yard, watch out, i'll put a bomb in your car and the're like "allahu akbar" i could teach you, but i lost my arms
0 i'm deporting all mexicans!!! except the ones in baldwin park you fuckers are crazy!!!
1 when you're in heaven and you got your 72 virgins but allah lied about that one goat!
1 girl: i'm a transgender. boy (tries to impress her): i'm mentally ill too!
1 hahaha good one let's throw a jew in the oven to celebrate
1 on ala akbar i will fuck ur goats
1 this is islamic ideology stop the islamization of our countries
1 allah akbar! next thing you know everyone is dead  
1 allah? pig fucker!
1 you said islam is violent? i kill you!
1 best thing about an ethiopian blowjob ? you know she's going to swallow
1 modi ji: i am about to end these muslims whole life *muslims burnt 59 hindus alive in sabarmati express in 2002
1 whats th difference between dollars and jews? i'd give a fuck if i lost 6 million dollars
1 ahmed has 3 apples. he gives muhammad 2 apples now calculate the radius on the bomb blast
1 these holocaust are very offensive! anne frankly, they need to stop
1 not old enough to choose own bed time or daily diet but old enough to choose to be trans or gender fluid or non-binary or. 
1 i hate everything about america. so i am going to move there to bring it sharia law the real reason for most muslim immigration
1 buddhists on islam: "you can be full of kindness and love, but you cannot sleep next to a mad dog. if we are weak, our land will become muslim". -buddhist ashin wirathu
1 muslims kill 1,300 people in 20 days and nobody bats an eye one man drives through 10 muslims and everyone loses their minds
1 this chemical is called #astrazine monsanto hired me to find out if it changes the sexual orientation of straight frogs into homosexual frogs... and it did. they then pump this same chemical into the waters of the ghettos in the u.s
1 you know why muslims hates pigs? because they fuck donkeys!
1 when you're shooting up the school and the autistic kid takes his glock out to join you we weren't expecting special force
1 allah akbar! islam is the only religion where shouting its "slogan" makes people think they are about to die in a terrorist attack
1 whats black and screams? harvey price answering the iron
1 black people are underprivileged so if my baby is black i'll be sure to get an abortion
1 bro pls bro stop being bihari bro you're fuckin annoying and gay bro pls bro
1 hello satan... they are mocking islam!
1 we kill you on 9/11 and you elect 3 of us to congress stupid infidels!
1 africans be like -"we were fine killing each other for land" "until the white man showed up, killing us for land"
1 for the last time, we are not trump supporters!!! he says "relocate mexicans" we are saying "exterminate mexicans"
1 feminism: because bitter, ugly lesbian need attention too!
1 all muslims are a danger to americans! ban them all! except the rich ones who spend tens of millions at my hotels and condos, of course!
1 i am sikh and tired of being called muslim! we're the 7-11 people, not the 9/11 people!
1 he might be retarded but he comes with a bottle opener
1 complains about islamaphobia hates jews, christians, atheists, gays, your culture, your traditions, your country and you
1 reminder: every refugee we let in and give social housing to means one extra homeless new zealander
1 a transgendered 4 year old is like a vegan cat we all know who is making their lifestyle choices
1 blacks are the only race to practice, "love your enemies!" no other race practice's it more in the name of religion look at the condition of their people and look at the condition of blacks
1 white people cracker power the only race you can legally discriminate against!
1 for a jew nothing is more insulting than the truth. the blood maddened jewish terrorists murdered sixty-six million in russia from 1918 to 1957" - alexander solzhenitsyn
1 getting stoned in america can be expensive in islamic country, say you're gay and get stoned for free [dark humour] so progressive
1 how do i like my eggs? same as i like my niggers beaten and separated from the whites
1 and someone was outside yelling they were gonna rape and kill everyone inside muslim immigration is literally that stupid #islamistheproblem
1 what's the difference between harry potter and the jews? harry managed to escape from the chambers
1 "do you like your juice cold?" "no, i like my jews well done"
1 on my way to run over w*men and minorities
1 homosexuals get beheaded so the men cover themselves up
1 "jet fuel" "arabs with boxcutters "
1 the clitoris has around around 8000 nerve endings but still isn't as sensitive as a white male liberal on the internet
1 q: hey filipina, will you ever marry a filipino? a: nah, no ugly filipino seeds, only rich white daddies please!
1 latinos for me! that's like roaches for raid!
1 when you argue with a black person online i'm gonna do what's called a pro-gamer move
1 all muslims are a danger to us citizens! except the rich ones of course
1 just because your islamaphobic doesn't mean they don't want to kill you
1 i wanna destroy radical islam!!!! will you help me????? yes = hell yeah!!!
1 in order for the black man to live the negro has got to die death to the negro
1 when a white person tells you happy cinco de mayo but you know deep in their heart they want you deported. f u c k e r
1 genocide is like christmas it's more fun when it's white
1 islam is a cancer treat it with radiation
1 smash gender stereotypes all men are potential rapists
1 jews did 9/11 truth is antisemitic
1 for the many not the jew
1 does anyone know where i can get a rag? there's 49 of them on the floor in a mosque
1 what do you call a a retarded jew? auschwistic
1 "dammit i said "glass of juice" not "gas the jews!!"
1 "the only way to end racism is to kill the racists." -oprah winfrey yeah-she means white people
1 there are 33 genders man, woman, and 31 types of queer
1 this lamb is so raw our islamic customers were trying to fuck it!
1 so i told the rag head keep your dick beaters off my goat
1 look son, there in england more peaceful muslims blowing people up
1 i found jesus in prison i raped that mexican hard
1 jewish supremacists playing the role of victim while they victimize everyone on the planet
1 i eat ass & dicks with my wahabi brothers
1 well, they're lazy good for nothin' tricksters... crack-smokin' swindlers! big butt havin', wide nose, breathin' up all the white man's air!
1 i'm not saying shes a slag but she's seen more japseyes than an asian optician
1 please, ' 'share' this piggy he upsets muslims
1 behind every goat is a happy muslim
1 american cops when they graduate police academy let the black man come forth! let murder be done upon him!
1 da look dog gave mina after they fucked that tranny together
1 what do chevy trucks have in common with their owners? they've both blown a tranny.
1 it isn't islamophobia when they really are trying to kill you
1 you can't spell rape without ape
1 i am not racist i had a black dog once, we named him foodstamps
1 afghan muslim men make him look like a girl so they can have sex with him! he is just a little boy! stop the abuse
1 how do you get a nun pregnant?? have the altar boy shit into her pussy
1 white men are the biggest terror threat except for my white boyfriend
1 "babies aren't actually people" "jews aren't actually people" "it's not murder" "it's not murder" i had an abortion
1 girls are like jelly beans they're all good. except the black ones
1 if yo ancestors came to america on slave ships yo ass is a israelite
1 yeah if the lazy mexicans could quit raping everybody that'd be great
1 i'm sorry, barack but my new transgender law applies to michelle as well
1 i just bit a muslim now i have to lick my ass to get the the taste out of my mouth
1 transgender when just being gay doesn't get you the attention you rightfully deserve!
1 wants to stone gay people to death dresses like a drag queen
1 girls after killing a cockroach boys after killing 7 million jews
1 i'm not sure about abortion on one hand it kills babies on the other hand i hate black people
1 abdul, you moron! i said "bag the oat and wheat"! not "shag the goat meat"!
1 if i had $10 for every gender only got $20 in my pocket
1 runs away from his shit hole of a country because of islam establishes islam and turns new country into a shit hole
1 i don't always go to black peoples garage sales, but when i do, it's to get my stuff back
1 the first rule of deaf club.. nyou nu not nalk amout nef glub
1 by allah you had better say islam is a religion of peace or i'll kill you!
1 i fucking hate dog shagging islamist cunts
1 just try and keep me bannned nigger
1 call me a hater if you want but,.... ...when is the last time you saw a photo of anyone but a muslim holding a human head?
1 when all your troops are freezing in russia so you burn 6 million jews to keep them warm
1 israel must be destroyed no you scumbag piece of dogshit, daughter of a syphilitic pig you will be destroyed
1 when you raid area 51 to find aliens but all you find are mexicans
1 guess which one is which? 1. transgender; 2. suicide bomber or 3. a floor lamp
1 gotta run away from those niggers
1 mexicans are all killers and rapist muslims need to be kept out of the usa the pope is a stupid weakling the kkk? i'd hate to jump to conclusions
1 how do you know if a black guy is well hung? you can't fit your finger between the rope and it's neck!!
1 yessss muhammad fuck me like a 6 year old
1 praise be to the goat i fuck in the arse.. for his name is mohammed the prophet
1 this is why i don't give a shit what upsets muslims
1 you funny jew i kill you last
1 what do you call a mexican midget? a paragraph, because he's too short to be an essay
1 i'm not an islamophobe i just can't stand the cunts
1 me: i promise i'll watch tv with you quietly three commercials later ...the jewish press ...will have their lying mouths shut for them!
1 only black people steal yo shit and help you look for it and be like, where you had it at last!
1 joins the democrat party to indulge in deep seated supremacist proclivities. "helping" minorities also loves black cock
1 what we did to black people is pretty fucked up most of 'em still can't even read
1 i say woman of color because i want to be inclusive of all but white women
1 my black flag brings all the goats to the yard and they're like allah akbar and then i'll put a bomb in a car, i'd teach u but i have no arms
1 trans rights? the only trans i support is the trans-atlantic slave trade
1 my god will kill your god, kill all infidels, lets burn this place. islam is peaceful!!!
1 islamic extremists try to exterminate judaism for centuries and no one bats an eye hitler tries to do it once and everyone loses their minds
1 3 jews walked into a bar kidding it was a gas chamber
1 straight pride! becasue the human race will go extinct otherwise
1 life is like a bag of jelly beans nobody likes the black ones
1 whats the difference between a scout and a jew? the scout comes back from the camp
1 i have 72 nukes aimed at israel if these damn j'ws don't stop pretending to be white i will wipe israel off the fucking map
1 when your sister only bangs black guys and gets knocked up ...and you literally become "a monkey's uncle!"
1 if you say these muslim protesters are violent.. they will kill you!!
1 when you re out in public, and your muslim acts up the dirty jew
1 nobody wants to hang auschwitz me
1 when god grants you a child after 20 years of your marriage and israel bombs him few years later
1 gays on social media: equality! body positivity! love love love! gays in real life: there is no place for her in our social circle
1 having a bad day? you could be a siamese twin attached to a gay brother who has a date and you're the only one with an ass
1 i hate muslims too they take their religion too seriously pathetic weaklings
0 OFFICIAL BERNIE SANDERS DRINKING GAME ! Every time The Bernster mentions a free government program , chug somebody else 's beer ! 
1 2:28 PM THIS IS A WALL INSIDE A NAZI GAS CHAMBER dwebs WHEN A DEMOCRAT MENTIONS GUN CONTROL REMEMBER THIS PICTURE 
1 o shit waddup ! BERNIE SANDERS COM 
0 `` MITT ROMNEY IS THE WORST REPUBLICAN IN THE COUNTRY TO PUTUP AGAINST BARACK OBAMA . '' ENDORSE MITT ROMNEY 
0 Anonymous ( ID : duqdA1io a 08/05/16 ( Fri ) 16:32:48 No . 84231555 84231620 84231654 84231659 84231689 84231698 2 84231735 > > 84231790 > > 84231867 > > 84231910 > 84232021 > > 84232120 > > 84232180 > > 84232228 84232342 84232377 84232671 84232765 > > 84232970 File : image jpg ( 92 KB , 740x547 ) repeating digits and I will pass away before getting to witness a Trump vs Hillary debate 
1 kle watching the dem debate HELL YEAH , BERNIE ! Why is Hillary avoiding the questions ? Stahp HILLARY Fucking stop . I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD HILLARY ANSWER THE GOD DAMN QUESTION STOP AVOIDING THE TOPIC AND ACTUALLY HAVE A FUCKING DEBATE ALI 
1 TRUMP ISANASSHOLE AND HILLARY ISALIAR IIWISHICOULD VOTE FOR THAT NEGROAGAIN 
1 `` WE DO N'T HAVE A COP PROBLEM IN AMERICA . ARE THERE PROBLEM COPS ? SURE , BUT BLACK AMERICA DOES NOT HAVE A COP PROBLEM . THE COPS DO MORE IN OUR NEIGHBORHOOD THAN THEY DO IN ANY OTHER NEIGHBORHOOD WE HAVE A LIBERAL DEMOCRAT PROBLEM KEVIN JACKSON 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : here come dat boi o shit *Here comes that boy . waddup obvi plant 
1 WHO RUN WORLD2 VY PARK Milk the Cow Podcast Like Page Yesterday at 8:40am . Beyonc pays the sweatshop workers who make her lvypark range 44 pence an hour and in the same breath preaches empowerment . 
1 Republican 1988 , Reform Party 1999 Democrat 2004 , Republican 2009 Independent 2011 , Populist 2016 , Americans Love/Hate him Traditional Marriage 3 , Divorced 2 , Anti-immigration , Marries an Immigrant Hates Muslims , Helps Rich Muslims Loves China , Stocks in China Buy His Books and Get Rich . NEXT PRESIDENT OF CHINA and USA MAKE TRUMP RICH AGAIN 
1 Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime . Promise a man someone else 's fish each day and you create a lifelong Democrat voter . facebo Go To RightAlerts.com For Breaking News Without The Liberal Bias 
0 BERT ERNIE BERNIE 
1 Bernie or Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Pepe `` I love the sad frog ! '' rares 
0 VOTE GREEN BERNIE ANGRY ! 
0 800 PM ET BREAKING NEWS CLINTON-TRUMP DEBATE BEGINS MOMENTARILY ON CNN LIVE ON CNN 
1 Why does Mike Pence always look like he 's about to introduce legislation to outlaw the X Men 
1 IF YOU COULD PLEASE NOT ELECT TRUMP AS YOUR PRESIDENT THAT 'D BE GREAT made on inngur 
1 Campaign Manager : `` We need more millennial votes . '' Trump : `` Say no more fam 
0 BERNIE HOWL WILL YOU APPEAL TO CHRISTIANS ? l'MASOCIALISTLEW WHOWANTS MONEY LENDERS TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FORTHEIRCRIMESEDL 
0 In the news Bernie Sanders Wins Connecticut 's Democratic Primary Huffington Post 1 hour ago Bernie Sanders ( l-Vt. ) has won Connecticut 's Democratic Futur TORELIEVEIN primary , giving his campaign a Hillary Clinton Defeats Bernie Sanders In Maryland Primary Huffington Post 2 hours ago Bernie Sanders Plays The Literal Trump Card Huffington Post 7 hours ago More news for `` huffington post '' `` bernie sanders '' connecticut Hillary Clinton Wins Connecticut 's Democratic Primary Huffi . www.huffingtonpost.com/ ... /hillary-clinton-connecti The Huffington Post 2 mins ago Bernie Sanders ( l-Vt. ) was hoping to score an upset in the Nutmeg State , which has something of a history of backing more liberal candidates . 
0 EITHER HILLARY IS INNOCENT OR YOU CA N'T TRUST A REPUBLICAN TO HEAD UP THE FBI GOP SUPPORTERS MIGHT WANT TO SIT THIS ONE OUT on inngur 
1 le acid . FEEL THE BERN Do you support Sanders 2016 sir ? FEEL THE BERN FEEL THE AHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! IT BERNS BERN 
0 please dont watch/try to converse w/ me if you are/believe in any of the following : anti-sjw anti feminism anti self-diagnosis homophobic/transphobic/etc believe in any form of reverse oppression tru scum/transmedicalist anti other kin/fictionkin or disagree with nounself/neopronouns ( im not otherkin myself but i have friends who are are and i will fight anyone who harasses them > :0 ) ship anything incestous , pedophilic , a large age gap , or abusive agree with donald trump/want him for president ( ya need bernie sanders ) 
1 10:47 PM AT & T en.m.wikipedia.org ey playing for the United States in May 2013 Personal information Clinton That Man Mama Dempsey March 9 , 1983 ( age 31 ) 11 rth irth Nacogdoches , Texas , United States 1.85 m ( 6 ft 1 in ) 2 ] Forward , Attacking Midfielder osition Club information Seattle Sounders FC am Youth career Dallas Texans 
0 K Notes October 31 , 2016 at 12:40 PM Dear Huma Psst . Just wanted to let you know l think climate change is fake . Also , women should be punished for abortions . Plus , Mexicans are rapists and criminals , and Muslims ( all of them ) should be treated like terrorists . Oh , and get this : I have n't paid taxes in years . Like , almost no taxes at all . Alright , got ta run , Tim Kaine wants to chat about how conversion therapy is good . And when we 're done , I 'm gon na grab him by the cock , which I 'm allowed to do because I 'm famous . You 're a 4 at best Hillary P. S. What day do l have to be in court for my child rape thing again ? 
0 Manny Loko Jimenez This offends me as a vegan transgender atheist German engineer who vapes organic decaffeinated compressed soy breast milk on the regular and a person Who does Indian naked crossfit yoga five times per week l 'm also a male feminist and identity myself as a Rastafarian Apache helicopter who serves only to one master my Chihuahua Which I . Helped Cross the border of Mexico plus l hate Donald Trump.My dog also walks me , if you find that weird you 're a arrogant ignorant homophobic globaphobic sexist Sun at 6:40 PM Like I 758 Reply 
0 TELL ME AGAIN HOW MEGYN KELLY IS AHELPLESS VICTIM TO DONALD TRUMPS MYSOGYNY AND NEEDS ARE SYMPATHY 
0 Monica Loves CLINTON-DIY # Fantasy FootballTeamNames ( CONFLRT.com 
0 ITS SIMPLE BERNIE HILLARY TRUMP 
1 Ya Boi Bernie Apr 30 at 6:48pm B oh noe ! if you come upon this image while scrolling you have been visited by DAT BOI BERNIE ! Comment `` o shit waddup '' in 42069 seconds and you will be blessed with student loan forgiveness , or else you will be doomed to suffer at the hands of the yuge corporashuns and smoke only mids forever o shi Wadd 
1 Bernie or Hilla Be informed , Compare em on the issues that matter issue : Real Nigga Hours Smash dat muthafuckin like button ! ! ! 
0 Alton Sterling : Father of 3 sentenced to immediate death by law enforcement after selling CDs outside a gas station . America Hillary Clinton : Carelessly allows Int ' l access to Top Secret Government info with no consequence from law enforcement . 
0 Clever bot Dank memes . Hi mc donald . Dank memes . Just do it . Dank memes . Ok . share ! Dank Memes think about it think for me thoughts so far 
0 I SIGN UP ON REPUBLICAN EMAIL LISTS ASO I CAN MARK THEM AS SPAM made on imgur 
1 GMA on Safari : Army GMA on Safari : Mus Robach 's Amazing J See Moments From In Depth : Extreme Weather Strikes Deadly Storms in the Snow Squalls Trigge West Massive 40-Car Pile- Good Morning America Rewind Analysis of the Presidential Candidate Marco Rubio Reacts Republican Presiden 
1 IF TRUMP LOSES Illegals will pour into our country . Our borders will be unsecured . China will put us further in debt . ISIS will not be destroyed and will thrive . The Constitution will no longer exist ! Our economy will NEVER ever recover . Radical Mslm will take control and destroy our Way of life . Our Vets will die shamelessly . No matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safe . America will no longer exist ! Vote Donald Trump ! 
0 O 4G 28 % 7:51 Top Tweet from your timeline HEINHE CIMBED LEERS 0:07 I CNN CNN 12h Is Gary Johnson the answer for voters looking for an alternative ? # LibTownHall airs at 9p ET Cnn.it/ 397 View Tweet 466 
0 DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE BLOCKS INVESTIGATION OF CLINTON ADMINISTRATION GOES AROUND THEM AND STARTS INVESTIGATION ANYWAY made on imgur 
1 TRUMP SAYS FUCK ALL YOU BERNIE SANDERS 20 SOMETHINGS WHY DONT YOU GET YOUR ASS AOUT THERE AND FUCKING WORK LIKE WE ALL DID AND STOP ASKING FOR FREE SHIT.. ! ! ! 
1 Give a man a fish , and he eats for a day . Give a man a welfare check , a free cellphone , food stamps section 8 housing , a six-pack of beer , a crack pipe , and some Air Jordon 's , and he 'll vote Democrat the rest of his life 
0 HUNTER PENCE FRANCISC GATHER PENCE 
1 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : MEXICAN FOOD `` Have you tried the chicken `` The complexity of flavors and spices and biscuit taco at Taco Bell ? It 's a great way to reward regional diversity of mole sauce puts Mexican yourself after Crossfit ! '' cooking on par with the world 's other great cuisines 
0 73 % 1:01 PM K +1 559-376-7017 Great , thanks ! If you can , please bring a friend or two Have a great day ! 12:52 PM You too thank you 12:53 PM Thanks 12:57 PM FEEL THE BERN YOU WILL 1:00 PM 0/160 Add text 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter Issue Paul Blart `` I love Paul Blart `` Paul Blart there should be sucks a third movie '' 
0 Bernie 2016 SHERROD BRO 
1 IF YOU RE A BERNIE SUPPORTER WHO WANTS TO VOTE FOR TRUMP , YOU HAVE FOUR OPTIONS : DONT VOTE 2 . VOTE FOR ANY THIRD PARTY CANDIDATE 3- VOTE FOR TRUMP HIMSELF 4 . STAB YOURSELF IN THE EYEBALL . HAPPY HUNTING ! 
0 WONDER WHATSUP WITH MY FAVORITE FIRSTILADY HILLARY CLINTON AND MY FAVORITE BUSINESSMAN ANDTV PERSONALITY KURT COBAIN 
0 nou can not help men permanently by TRUMP PENCE doing for them what they could 2016 and should do for themselves The stronges eason forthe people to retain the rightio keep and beararmsis , asalast resort , to protectthemselves against tyrannyingovernment . OCT IN GOD WE TRUST 16 DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016 IN NEWS OVER AMILLON COPS OUR STREETS TODAI 
1 MYTH : Only Uneducated White Males support Donald Trump HIGH ENERGY ( i.sli.mg ) 24 1310 N submitted 3 hours ago by consolewars to /r/The Donald 103 comments share save hide report TRUMP 
0 HERE COME JOHNSON 2016 FACEBOOK REASONABLE PEOPLE FOR GARY JOHNSON 
0 Sorry , not when it 's a government spy tool and a distraction to the `` greater '' public from everything the government is trying to hide . I 'd prefer to know about events that Could possibly destroy our World Like the US sent troops to Putin Or Bernie teamed up with Clinton Or what 's happening in lsrael and their leaders dictatorship Oops ... too political for most minds . 
1 Native American Bernie Sanders Supporters are n't calling themselves `` Indian Berns , '' they re doing It wrong . TJ Wharry @ twharry 
1 TRUMP-PENCE TRUMPETS '' YES THE `` TRUMP OF GOD ( 1Corinthians 15:51 ) & ( 1Thessalonians 4:16 ) October 2nd , sunset JerUSAlem time , begins Hebrew Year 5777 ! ! ! HUNDREDS OF SIGNS FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER AN UNPRECEDENTED EPIC CONVERGENCE EXAMPLE : muslim turks take JerUSAlem in 1517 and lose it to General Allenby EXACTLY as predicted 8 Jubilees later on the first day of Hanukkah in 1917 . Then the NEXT Jubilee is the `` Six DAY WAR '' in 1967 . EXACT ! Wow , already the next Jubilee is here ! Be Rapture Ready or as Jesus Warns us plainly , you will remain here for the Tribulation which will be `` the worst time that ever was or ever will be '' Think of it..just one EMP and lights out ... no food no water no transportation.. riots ... fires ... oh and hundreds of nuclear storage pools overheat and nuclear fires everywhere just like F US-hima ! 9 SEE Hundreds of Proofs at my Facebook page U DoD ) Like Reply 1 41 mins 
1 Bernie Bernie Sanders e @ BernieSanders Let 's say it loud and clear : women control their bodies , not the government . arizonagunguy Let 's say it loud and clear gun owners control their guns , not the government diesel fumesniffer Everyone say it with me . Adults control their healthcare , not the government . your uncle dave Let 's say it loud and clear : Wage earners control their money . not the government . liberty bill Let 's say it loud and clear the market coordinates time with interest , not the government . redbloodedamerica Let 's say it oud and clear : private companies and consumers control the market , not the government 
1 Hillary Clinton Folgen @ HillaryClinton made . Delete your account . Donald J. Trump @ realDonald Trump Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary He wants four more years of Obama-but nobody else does ! 6 Ubersetzung anzeigen RETWEETS GEFALLT 5.527 5.363 08:27 9 . Juni 2016 t 5,5 Tisd . 5,4 Tsd . 
0 IFA VOTE FOR ANYONE BUT TRUMP IS A VOTE FOR HILLARY THEN A VOTE FOR ANYONE BUT HILLARY IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP 
1 11:29 PM 3 % 29 % 8:53 PM 11 % 28:24 PM 8 % , 8:04 PM 20 % 12:08 AM 26 % 11:19 PM 39 % 10:40 PM 23 9:38 PM 7:19 PM 10m , 6:28 PM 13m 6:15 PM 5:53 PM me : hate liberals them : so what are you , a republican ? -oldmin 
0 Wow ! Cold It was so cold this morning , I actually saw a Democrat with his hands in his own pockets . 
0 Shares Y C are SCORE ! One Pence Two Pence Three pence Four Four Pence Three Rence Trump Pence 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter Issue : Soccer Emirate obvious plant 
1 ENOUGH VOTE CLINTON VS TRUMP 
0 TRUMP AGREES WITH BREXIT AND THINKS IT 'S FANTASTIC ! THIS CA N'T BE A GOOD THING 
0 THE REAL DONALD TRUMP ? Did you know : Donald Trump sheltered Jennifer Hudson rent-free after her family was murdered . Donald Trump sued the city of Palm Beach when he bought a segregated club , Mar A Lago , to open it to Jews & Blacks . Donald Trump paid to ensure a Mexican American boy would graduate from college when he saw a news story about his terminally ill mom . Donald Trump dispatched his plane to fly a sick Jewish boy for special care when he heard no airline would accommodate his medical equipment . Donald Trump sent t10,000 to hero bus driver Darnell Barton after seeing a news story about how he saved a woman from jumping off a bridge . Donald Trump gave the job of constructing Trump Tower to Barbara Res , making her the 1st woman in history to build a skyscraper . 
0 82 % 1:54 PM Posts 4 hrs So last night my house house was robbed . To make it all the worse the victims were my children and their First Amendment rights . They had begged me to put a Trump sign out front of our house , which l was reluctant to do because of reasons such as this . The sign was stolen . It 's sad to see our country come to such a state . # ThoushaltNotSteal # MakeAmericaGreatAgain # Trump2016 TRUMP MAKEAMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Like Share Comment CO Write a comment 
0 Hillary Clinton Ben Ghazi 2016 
0 what happens if Jill Stein does n't win the elections ? '' Plan B . Plan b ? me 
1 Like Page 21 hrs NOW WHY WOULDANORGANDATION CREATEDBYDEMOCRATS THE GOP . BEGINS TO UNE Up BEHIND THE PRESUMPTIVE NOMINEE VOTE REPUBLICAN ? 2.9k reactions 85 Comments 1.2k Shares I Like Comment Share and 2.9k others Top comments Write a comment 
0 Donald Trump talks like real men talk . Real men talk dirty Women expect it . Here in Alaska we do , anyway We like our men tough . Sweet talk is for weak- wristed liberals . Sarah Palin , 10/11/16 
0 FEDS ARRESTED AVETERAN FOR SUPPORTING DONALD TRUMP Veterans US 
0 `` Chelsea Clinton steps out of college and her parents get her a job paying $ 900,000.00 per year . Now her mom goes around the country speaking out against `` White Privilege '' . Think about that for awhile 
1 WE SHOULD BUILD THE WALL AROUND DONALD TRUMP made on imgur 
1 GB Tube You Search Donald Trump e LIKE and SHAREll IThis is a Live Broadcast from Golden St LIV 
0 BEING A REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT WASTING TIME AND ENERGY 
1 One out of three Trump supporters An spell the word `` burn '' as `` bern '' ! 
0 Aw look how cute Oh no I 'm voting Democrat this election cycle . It 's retarded . 
0 Bernie Sanders Legendary Creature Human Champion O ) Death touch , Double Strike , Evolve , Exalted , Fear , First Strike , Flash , Flying , Haste , Hexproof , Indestructible , Lifelink , Shadow , Trample , Unblockable , Undying , Vigilance Soulbound ( B ernie Sanders enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters , wherex is the number of hi campaign contributors ) 20/20 ) MTG Cardsmith http : d/mtgeardsmith.com/ 
0 ituted anten deriving their an ect , le te alter c it is the ach princ vent Donald TRUMP Sniffing MONTAGE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE 2016 
0 @ NFL Memes Narrowing 318 million people down to Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton for President is like narrowing the entire NFL down to having to pick between Ryan Fitzpatrick & Blaine Gabbert for your fantasy team 
0 Here 's the man who threw tomatoes at Donald Trump last night . Andrew Alemao . # iacaucus icp-c.com/2051bQi Endy Ramirez Andrew you are officially a Mexican in the eyes of all my Mexicans you can do and act like we do . you want to come thru our cook outs ? come thru they get popping Beers Carne Asada , Girls dancing all that shit , when our mom 's or abuelas make tamales or posole you sir will be invited Mi casa su casa , You are no longer Andrew you are Andres welcome to our family fucker 
1 IF YOU SEE THIS IMAGE WHILE SCROLLING YOU HAVE BEEN VISITED BY THE GARY JOHNSON OF LIBERTY blessed entrepreneurship and legal weed will come to you but only if you comment `` do n't tread on me '' 
1 1 hr f Donald Trump becomes President l am leaving America and moving to Hawaiis Like Comment Share 
1 YOU THE TERM COMMUNISTTO DESCRIBE BERNIE SANDERS OURLIEDETECTORTEST DETERMINED YOU NEED FREE COLLECE 
0 Bernie or Hilla Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Tupac Issue : I prefer `` You know it 's funny when it rains it pours . a SUPERpac They got money for wars , but ca n't feed the poor . '' 
0 TEXAS PRESIDENTIAL POLL PUBLIC POLICY POLLING If the election was today , who would you vote for ? 44 % DONALD TRUMP ( R ) 38 % HILLARY CLINTON ( D ) HARAMBE THE GORILLA 2 % JILL STEIN ( G ) FOX4 5:54 76 
0 bernie-it-down 489 points 18 hrs Meat without the taste of fear and suffering just wo n't be the same gadafgadaf 116 points 15 hrs You ca n't forget about the cramped , unsanitary conditions it was raised in bernie-it-down 54 points 15 hrs That is extra flavor that will also be missed Natty light Murica 34 points 14 hrs Sweet sweet marinade of vile conditions and impending doom eamantite 3 points . 6 hrs I dip mine in honey mustard ! 
0 ere ma Saur etitusinvictuS when you feel the Bern but Hillary wins the primaries The garbage will do There has never been a better representation of how feel about the current democratic nomination process . 
0 re : Hahahahha from Trum sent 46 minutes ago Typical , lying democrat . Proving once again , that you all lie . You ca n't help it . Enjoy the cancer , I enjoy my next beer that much more knowing you 'll be dead sooner than me . permalink report b user mark unread reply 
1 3 WIVES , 4 BANKRUPTCIES , 5 TIME ORAFT DODGER CREATES FAKE UNIVERSITLOUTSOURCES JOBS TO MEXICO AND CHINA HIRES 200 UNDOcUMENTED POLISH WORKERS , RIPS THEM OFF WANTS TOUSECOURUSTOSILENCE MEDIA . THINKS TED CRUTS FATHER KILLED JFK IS THE REPUBLICAN PRESUMPTIVE CANDIDATE 
0 37 % 12:08 AM Search Pablo Reyes December 26 , 2015 B Call me crazy but in 2016 Hillary Clinton will be the first female president , the world will go crazy over the death of a gorilla , Prince will die , Muhammad Ali will die , Kimbo Slice will die , Donald Trump will die . The USA will experience the worst mass shooting I 'm not trying to scare anyone , but you 'll remember my name . 
0 COMMONWEEALTH OF VIRGINIA OFFICIAL BALLOT County of Fairfax MOCRATIC PARTY PRESIDENTIAL PRIMARY Tuesday , March 1 , 2016 ESTADO DE VIRGINIA PAPELETA OFICIAL Condado de Fairfax A PRESIDENCIAL DEL PARTIDO DEMOCRAT A Martes , 1 de marzo 2016 President ( Vote for only one ) Presidente ( Votar por solamente uno ) Hillary Clinton Martin J. O'Malley Bernie Sanders 
1 `` GARY JOHNSON , ICANNOTAFFORD THE THERAPISTIKNOWINEED ANDOVERALL FEELASIFI HAVE NO FUTURE . IAM JUST ANOTHER POOR PERSON BEINGSOUEELEDOUTANDLEFUUODRY BY THE ULTRA-RICH , WHAT HOPECAN YOU GIVE METHATTHECOUNTRYBEINGFISCALLY CONSERVATIVE IS GOING TO HELP ME AND MY FAMILY REACH THAT AMERICAN DREAM UPWARD MOBILITY `` THE BEST CHANCE YOUHAVE TO REACH THE AMERICAN DREAM IS THROUGH ENTREPRENEURSHIP INDIVIDUAL FREEDOM AND LIBERTY WILL BETTERALLOWYOUTO DOTHAT CREATE YOUR OWN JOB DO N'T BE A VICTIM . TAKE CONTROLOFYOUR OWN FUTURE ! H or net 
1 Tim Tebow Denies Report He 's 20 Speaking at Donald Trump 's Republican Convention ( bleacherreport.com ) 17 comments politics Republican National Convention Speakers list revealed : Trumps barely famous friends set to take the stage in Cleveland Delegates will be treated to an array of riveting speakers like soap opera star Antonio Sabato Jr . and Heisman trophy winner Tim Tebow . ( salon.com ) WELCOME 
0 PRINCE WAS A MUSICAL GENIUS WITH VISION AND INTELLECT FAR BEYOND ANYONES IMAGINATION `` ONE DAY MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS WILL REALIZE THAT DEMOCRATS HAVE MADE US WEAK BY GIVING US THINGS WE WOULD NORMALLY HAVE TO WORK FOR . THAT IS WHY I VOTE REPUBLICAN FOR THEY REALIZE ANYTHING WORTH HAVING IS WORTH WORKING FOR '' PRINCE 
0 BARNIE STALIN FEEL THE BERN 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Losing Bets Pays you `` We never shook up front hands bro '' 
0 In Libya Clinton pushed for a war that killed 30,000 people . The rebels ' Killery backed turned out to be Al Qaeda types . When Gaddafy was knife raped in the street , she said , `` We came , we saw , he died , '' and laughed . BERN ? FELT NOW THE 
0 The `` I feel the Bern '' starter pack Score Credit Excellent Oba L CH WR Uncertain Poor LA FUNNY NEWS MOVIES BOOK r/Politics ANTI HILLARY NTROVERSIAL TOP 
0 Donald Trump Pros : Not Hillary Cons : Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Pros : Not Trump Cons : Hillary 
0 Obamacare Citizens forced to buy healthcare coverage that Drs and hospitals will not accept . This stupidity has been brought to you by the DEMOCRAT Party 
1 CNN CNN CN CNN CN NN CNN CAN Tunintelligible yellin CNN REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE LIVE CNN 9:09 PM ET 
0 A FUTURE TO BELIE BERN IES ANDERS COM Crowd mistakes small bird for 800 delegates 
0 Gorillavid Just watch x Trump Hugs American Fla x This Week in Stupid 0 x Gnhumans Reading Order x G Marvel Infinity Reading O x L Aaron x C fi https : // page 2 E Apps f Facebook YouTube E Mail Ochrome pins reddit Drive O IMgur O School London Music Hall IL League Life RBC Royal Bank Sign OTwitch C Other bookmarks Sister ate all of my red velvet pop tarts while stoned . She wanted to replace them . She thought she ordered one 12 pack ! 128 617 ( i reddituploads.com ) submitted 11 hours ago by [ -11 to /n/trees 77 comments share save hide report [ l+cl 
0 TMobile LTE 65 % 8:20 AM 4G VERY HEART TOUCHING ( A BITTER TRUTH ) An old man took his phone to a Repair shop . Repairer told : NOTHING IS WRONG with this phone . Old man with tears in his eyes said : Then why DO N'T my children ever call me with The Quote Fountain and 2 others . Bernie Tobin and 2.8k others 220 Comments Like Share Comment 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Selena Issue : The loss of Selena was unsurmountable I loved J . Lo She would 've been the superstar of this lifetime as she crossed over from the Spanish-language market to mainstream in that movie ! English markets . Her fashion sense , stage presence , dance moves and charisma were like none l 'd seen before . Fuck Yolanda Saldivar . 
0 The I just got into politics a few months ago and did n't pay attention to economics and history in high school starter pack 2016 Bernin ERNIE SANDERS COM 2016 r FEEL THE BERN 
1 I 'm voting for Hillary because I don ' t want Trump to get in He 's bad news and wil cause a lot of people to suffer Causing Libya to fail ? Robbing Haitians of their relief funds ? N Destabilizing Syria and Iraq ? Selling billions of dollars of arms to the Saudis ? haha , they 're not American , that does n't count : P 
0 Wun the advent of Donald Trump/Hillary Clinton to join the oligarchy of the American political structure , Donald a demagogue and true ultracrepidarian , and both with a mental scotoma of any gnostic perspective of life , i as an autodidact , offer a solemn adjuration , everyone is in some way my better and in that i LEARN 3 hours ago Like Reply 
1 Ya Bol Bernie Apr 30 at 6:48pm B oh noe ! if you come upon this image while scrolling you have been visited by DAT BOl BERNIE ! Comment `` o shit waddup '' in 42069 seconds and you will be blessed with student loan forgiveness , or else you will be doomed to suffer at the hands of the yuge corporashuns and smoke only mids forever o shi wadd 
1 TRUMP MAKE GREAT AGA Nato Green at 9 California Republican Party State Convention . April 29 at 3:37pm Burlingame , CA . Me : `` When was America great ? '' Trump supporter : `` Not in my lifetime . '' Me : `` Is there any point in history you know of when you 'd say America was great ? '' Trump guy : `` I ca n't think of one Me : `` So your slogan is really make America great again for the first time ? '' Him : `` yes . '' Me : `` in what specific ways would you like America to be greater than it is ? '' Him : `` that 's too big a question . ca n't answer . '' Me : `` dude it 's your slogan . '' Him : `` well , unity . Prosperity . I 'd like my kid to be able to get a job Me : `` how would Trump help with these things ? '' Him : `` I just think he would . '' And scene ... 
0 Diffuser I Like Page 1 hr The latest batch of Wikileaks e-mails show that Tom DeLonge of blink-182 Contacted the government about his UFO research . Former Blink-182 Frontman Tom DeLonge 's UFO Emails to Clinton Campaign Manager Revealed in Wikileaks Dump DIFFUSER . FM galpaladins i have stopped trying to comprehend what 's going on anymore 
1 24 Take your stinking paws off of me you damn dirty democrat ! 
1 WE CANT STOP HERE THIS IS BERN COUNTRY 
0 Enter to wi n dinner with Donald Trump 
1 David Burge Following @ iowahawkblog In 1963 , Martin Luther King was a gun owner on an FBI watch list of the United States Democrats Are Holding a Sit-ln on the House Floor to Demand a Vote o ... Rep. John Lewis and a group of his fellow Democrats took to the House floor late Wednesday morning to stage a sit-in . Their goal ? Pressure Republican l slate.com 
0 `` Hillary Clinton is unfit to be President ! '' 4 Weeks Ago `` We must all support Hillary Clinton ! '' Today 
1 LIVE PHILADELPHIA R. BERNIE SUPPORTERS AT DNC Dow 18,542.64 . +25.41 CHANGE +0.14 % 
1 I do n't believe that women have any rights , and I think gays should be hanged . No , actually , l 'm a Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what a complete 4 primitive asshole you are ! You must be a Republican . Oh ! I 'm sorry ! apologize ! I hope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
0 THE MAJORITY OF YOU ARE GOING TO BE REALLY DISAPPOINTED WHEN TRUMP IS GONE on Inngur 
0 Evansville , Indiana UTUR INDIANA PRIMARY TO E COVERAGE BEGINS IN 5 41 48 SEC AFUTURE TO BELIEVE IN BELL 2016 RACE B SANDERS : l 'M STRONGEST CANDIDATE AGAINST TRUMP CNNI Sen. Bernie Sanders ( D ) Presidential Candidate S & P 22.04 NEWSROOM 
0 Hillary Clinton Retweeted Constance Zimmer @ Constancezimmer Jun 8 My 8 year old said `` See Mom , it 's true , anything is possible . '' # ImWith Her HillaryClinton HILLARY 
1 Donald J. Trump areal DonaldTrump 2/7/13 Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed-only in America ! t 1,258 829 M Russell Steinberg @ Russ Steinberg 2/7/13 @ real Donald Trump If you hate America so much you should run for President and fix things 918 t 1,424 Donald J. Trump arealDonald Trump 2/7/13 @ Russ Steinberg Be careful ! t 1,769 1,539 
0 S20 SAYS THIS GUY VOTES DEMOCRAT 
0 ITS TRUE I WACKY OFF EVERY NITE TO A PICTURE OF BERNIE 
1 DEMOCRAT SALSOVOTEDAGAINSTGUN CONTROL TODAY ANDTHE PERSON RESPONSIBLE FORTHENATIONtSBIGGEST MASSSHOOTINGISAREGISTEREDDEMOCRAT BUT THATS NONE OF MY BUSINESS 
1 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN HILLARY 
0 IFTRUMP LOSES Illegals will pour into our country . Our borders will be unsecured . China will put us further in debt . ISIS will not be destroyed and will thrive . The Constitution will no longer exist ! Our economy will NEVER ever recover . Radical Mslm will take control and destroy our way of life . Our Vets will die shamelessly No matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safe . America will no longer exist ! Vote Donald Trump ! 
1 TFW you endorse Hillary and now you can chill for the rest of the summer 
0 Jommen is starting to Feel the Bern 
0 1943 Hiroshimna DetrOIt ZO 1 CD Hiroshima Detroit THE LESSON ? It 's easier to come back frorn a nuclear strike than five decades of Democrat control of government . THEHAYRIDE.COM 
1 `` I'MUNDOUBTEDLY A LIBERAL , WHICH MEANS THAT I MIN ALMOST TOTAL AGREEMENT WITH THE EISENHOWER-ERA REPUBLICAN PARTY PLATFORM . '' RACHEL MADDOW AMERICANS AGAINST THE REPUBLICAN PARTY bit.ly stopthegop 
1 BRACE YOURSELF THE REPUBLICAN CONDEMNATIONS OF TRUMP ARE COMING . made on imgur 
0 Search Hillary not no better going to take your your freedom and bring in more refugees to destroy this country . Neither may not be good but I want to save my country . And not any one take it from us Muslim have no right to bring their laws here and say take God out of schools the ten commendments away so screw it we the people have the right to save America no more illegals no more refugees no more free tax for non Americans every body pays taxes and no more tax credits for non Americans . Muse come a citizen to work here . Or we all be walking the trail of tears again only worse 2 hours ago Like Reply 
0 I do n't vote Republican or Democrat . Choosing is a sin , so I always just write in the Lord 's name ! That 's Republican , we count those . 
0 Clinton Probe : CNN Sufferiing From `` Premature Exoneration '' Indictment Still Pending VNSRO BULLS TRUTH 
0 V M F silent WITH DS Donald Trump has broadened his appeal 
0 GIRIS ! WHEN YOU GET DONE WOONINGONERA PORNOU , ICMULD USEA LITTLE ELPI JUST MOTHER . BERNIE 
0 LIBNUTZ Dixon Diaz Hillary 's leaked emails prove she sold weapons to ISIS And told Wall Street bankers that Who cares ? Trump said her public positions are different pussy from her private ones . Dixon Diaz 10/19/2016 
0 home US election 2016 world a all ME US elections 2016 Mike Pence 's plane slides off runway at LaGuardia airport in New York Mike Pence , the Republican vice-presidential nominee , has emerged unscathed after his 
1 E Anonymous ( ID : pKvmKDaY ( Sun ) 20:04:07 No.78832917 06/26/16 BE HONEST WHAT WOULD YOU DOP trump tower png 945 KB PNG Well ? Anonymous ( ID HtrXYnkW I i 06/26/16 ( Sun ) 20:04:36 No.78832980 I 'd tell him he 's about to make Liveleak great again 
0 BERNIE SANDERSISOUT MOVE ALLYOURKARMATO TORNADOES 
1 WHY IAM VOTING FOR TRUMP REPUBLICAN PARTY 
0 oz PENCE 
1 FOR PRESIDENT SANDERS MOTO ddas FREE SHIT AT THE ACE HOTELTHEATER LOS ANGELES , CALFORNA FEBRUARY FFTH 2016 BERN ! ELTHE 
1 Here Come Meet Sakura able Here 4 OUSEKETCH DNBEVER WAS IKENODODN TRUE BERN MIN FALLELAND MASTER RAINER THE GREADELICTRK MIASE . BREAKER MASTER CHARIZARLOS HRST HIS TYPE ERACE WDURSELF GARY NOIMING AY 
0 Bernie or Hillar Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Selling Acid LSD NH 25I-NBOM 
0 Bernie is a communist and will turn this country into a communist state . As for climate change God will allow this planet for long as he needs it to , before he destroys it with fire . Then talk to me about climate change . Oh wait l 'll be in heaven I wo n't care 5 hours ago Like I 147 Reply View 74 previous replies replied 
1 when u know Trump bout to be president & u got ta tell ur friends goodbye the worldpolice 
1 Trump Foreign Policy Masterclass : Donald Explains The lran/Iraq War TRUMP PEN CE Virginia Beach , Vinginla `` Iran and Iraq were very similar militarily They 'd fight fight fight and then they 'd rest . They 'd fight fight fight . And then Saddam Hussein would do the gas . And somebody else would do something else . And they 'd rest . '' Actual Donald Trump quote from his foreign policy town hall meeting in Virginia Beach , VA , 9/6/16 DEMOCRATICUNDERGROUND , COM 
1 LTE 55 % 4:55 AM QO The Economist Briefing : The Labour Party Salvaging Jerusalem How Britain 's left got into its crisis-and how it can get out United States Trump and the Alt-Right Pepe and the stormtroopers How Donald Trump ushered a hateful fringe movement into the mainstream 
1 LEAKED PHOTO : Mike Pence grabbing a pussy 
0 # FORKHILLARY HOWTO WATCH HILLARY CLINTON ON TV ENJOYABLY _ 
0 BILLIONAIRES CA N'T BUY BERNIE BERN IES ANDERS.COM NOW THIS IS AWKWARD 
0 Is Bernie Sanders 
1 Chronic Hoosier @ Chronic Hoosier To everyone around the country just now googling Mike Pence , our sincerest apologies -signed , Indiana 7/14/16 , 9:56 AM 456 RETWEETS 502 LIKES 
0 SUBTOGETIRIDOFTHE SPAM INSTEAD THEY JUST DECIDE TO COMPLAIN ABOUTITBECAUSE THEY DONTLIKE TRUMP BUT THATSNONE OF MY BUSINESS imgflip-com 
0 UNNAR Being exempted from the draft , an American college student , future Senator and Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders protests the war in Vietnam . ( University of Chicago , 1963 ) 
0 Dad , do we Feel The Bern ? No , son . We have responsibilities and contribute to society 
0 WE HAVE PROOF THAT TRUMP GAVE A SPEECH OPPOSING NAFTA BEFORE IT WAS PASSED . GET THIS TO THE TOP . LIVE ( i reddit ) Submitted 6 hours ago by Gullo11 O I-1 187 comments source share save unhide give gold report hide all child comments What rule does this break ? No Spamming No Trolling No Racism No Releasing Personal Information O No Vote Manipulation or Brigading 
0 Bernie Sanders sat on the bus with Rosa Parks Where was Hillary Clinton ? ! 
1 HILLARY CLINTON 'S POLICIES FOR BLACK AMERICANS HOME SUMMEDUPIN ONE PICTURE 
0 6 hrs An atheist , satanist , christian , jew , muslim , democrat , republican , libertarian , homosexual , and heterosexual walk into a bar . They have drinks , talk , and become friends . It 's what happens when you 're not being a douchebag to others 13 1 Comment Like Comment Share 
0 201 RU MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! www Donald Trump com 
0 Lizard People of New York 20 hrs `` I am one of the Russian hackers who leaked the Democrat emails . '' `` Are you planning on hacking any of other US politicians ? '' `` Yes . plan to log onto Hillary Clinton 's Facebook page and make her status say 'im gay lol ' and then will comment 'hacked XD . '' 
1 REMEMBER WHEN ISIS KILLED76 PEOPLE INCLUDING 24 CHILDREN IN WACOTEXAS OH WAIT NEVERMIND THAT WAS THE LAST CLINTON ADMINISTRATION 
0 James Saint-Francia sirjamesa12 Get you a liberal who can do both Brianna Wu Violence has no place in politics @ Spacekatgal Violence has no place in politics Violence has no place in politics White People To Do List Violence has n 1 . Recognize privilege 2 . Educate self on structul 3 . Amplify black voices 4 . Shut mouth and listen Protesters attack Trump supporters outside San Jose rally 1,058 1,122 Tnump supportars were attackat and one officer was assaultad durin9the pr test 2:09 PM 18 Jun 2015 89 
0 17 hrs Clinton Kaine 2016 : Suck it up , America . Like Comment Share 
0 POSTSABOUTCHELSEA CLINTON GETTING A GOOD JOBSTRAIGHTLOUTOF COLLEGE BECAUSE OF HER PARENTS HELP ANDTHEN COMPLAINING ABOUT WHITE PRIVILEGEL MAKES NEPHEW CEO OF HIS COMPANY STRAIGHT OUTOF COLLEGEL 
0 I side with Joseph Stalin on most 2016 Presidential Election issues Candidates you side with Joseph Stalin Communist 1000 % Ca on domestic policy , healthcare , social immigration , criminal , foreign policy , education , and science issues . compare answers Bernie Sanders Democratic 89 % on domestic policy , social , healthcare , immigration , foreign policy , criminal , and science issues . compare answers 
0 You 've felt the Bern ... Now it 's time to ... Feel the Johnson ! Feel The Johnson 
0 `` The Pinguists Support Hillary Clinton for president ! It 's the best possible option '' Comrade Pingu 
1 UT 14 hrs No way . Before Her Assassination , Berta Caceres Singled out Hillary Clinton for Backing Honduran Coup Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is facing a new round of questions about her handling of the 2009 coup in Honduras that ousted democratically elected . DEMOCRACY NOW ORG Like Comment a Share Not the first , and definitely not the last person that has been terminated by the Killary regime . The Clintons are a modern day global mafia Like Reply 1 hr 
0 A Gary Johnson Super PAC Spent $ 30,000 on `` Internet Web Memes '' 
1 DISTRESS like us on facebook `` I HAVE VOWED , I WILL NEVER VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT AGAIN . NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE . I DO N'T CARE IF GOD BECOMES A DEMOCRAT THESE DEMOCRATS ARE COMMUNISTS THIS IS GANGSTERISM . THIS IS CRAZY 
1 SAYS BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTERS ARE LAZY AND UNEMPLOYED STAYS ON REDDITPOSTING SHITTYMEMESAND BIASED ARTICLESALL DAYEVERYDAY 
0 IFWOUGREWTIREDOFTHE FEEL THE BERN POSTSCLOGGING UPTHEREDDITFRONTPAGETHISPASTYEAR.HAVENO FEAR OVER THENETFOURMONTHSREDDITIS GOING TO FEELTHEJOHNSONRIGUARANTEE IT . Com 
0 IF DIE IN OFFICE SCREW MY VP . WEEKEND AT BERNIE 'S FOR THE REST OF MY TERM made on imgur 
1 TRUU MP www Donald Trump com MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
0 Isaac NOT Issac Follow @ The FliestPlane When Donald Trump becomes president and you 're walking down the street and hear Aye boy where ya freedom papers ? RETWEETS LIKES 23,868 21,289 5:58 PM 15 Mar 2016 
0 Donald J. Trump arealDonald Trump Happy # CincoDeMayo ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill . I love Hispanics facebook.com/ DonaldTrumppo . 
0 Bernie or Hillary Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Sleep Issue : `` I 've been a support since the early 90 's . I 'm `` 6 Hours a Night ! '' also partial to High on Fire , and om . '' 
0 ANGRY BERNIE SANDERS BE LIKE 
0 Q : How will you bring back the American Dream ? `` Look . We can bring the American Dream back . That I will tell you . We 're bringing it back . Okay ? And understand what you 're saying . And I get that from so many people . `` Is the American Dream dead ? '' They are asking me the question , `` Is the American Dream dead ? ' And the American Dream is in trouble . That I can tell you . Okay ? It 's in trouble . But we 're going to get it back and do some real jobs . How about the man with that beautiful red hat ? Stand up ! Stand up ! What a hat ! '' -Donald Trump , Rochester , NHTown Hall , September 17 , 2018 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Fight Club Issue : Have you heard About Fight Club ? 
0 Happy Mother 's Day ! The best tampons are dispensed in Trump lower lavoratory I love women ! I I I I I Kotex 
0 wish political debates were run like American Idol , Just so I can hear Ryan Seacrest Say `` To show your support for Bernie Sanders , text Feel The Bern to 367567 '' `` To show your support for Donald Trump , text the N-word to 367567 '' lul seanhyatt sucks 
1 Boombox IF ALL AMERICANS WERE POOR , DEMOCRAT . By Dixon Diaz AND IF ALL AMERICANS WERE RICH , THEY 'D ALL VOTE REPUBLICAN . with apologies to Aaron McGruder WHICH EXPLAINS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY 'S STRATEGIES ABOUT POVERTY . 
1 submitted 5 hours ago by let-the-mother-bern to /r/Documentaries 80 comments share save hide report Snails use two brain cells to make 50 1745 Complex decisions , a team of Scientists has found . Researchers at the University of Sussex said one cell told the snail if it was hungry while the other cell told it if food was present Animal Science bbc.com submitted 5 hours ago by Libertatea to /r/science 76 comments share save hide report view more : prev next or try a random subreddit 
0 IF CLINTON HAS TO DROPOUT SANDERS IS THE NOMINEE WUZU.SE 
0 Donald Trump : The strongest Mexicans will be allowed to stay ... if they survive the annual Hunger Games Hillary Clinton : Hey teens did you check out my new Arthur meme on Instragram ? It 's really checks notes woke ? Gary Johnson : I know we 're in a debate but man am l craving doritos right now Jill Stein : GMOs cause autism 
1 THE MARCH S TYRANNY UNI NEXT TIME ILL VOTE REPUBLICAN GARRISON bergarrison.com . UGN NEXT TIME ILL VOTE DEMOCRAT/ 
0 As a Virginia m embarrassed that Trump won my state , even if it 's just the Republican Primary . We have the fourth best public school system in the country and we 're blowing it . Like Comment Share and 5 others Theres a fairly good chance some bernie supporter will shoot him if he gets elected . The secret service does n't exactly have the greatest track record Like Reply 30 mins Edited Write a comment ... 
0 Rosita and the shop assistant look in amazement as Elmo masturbates over the newspapers front page story about Donald Trump winning the presidential election . 
0 STOP TRYING TO MAKE PRESIDENT BERNIE HAPPEN ITS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN img com gflip 
1 score hidden ] 2 minutes ago What do you expect from a nation of sky worshipers ? It 's crazy that people judge me for believing in Bernie , but they have no problem building temples for imaginary saviours . We have a chance to unleash a force of good in this country , and like the story of Jesus , Bernie will rise again in this contest . You do not need church to believe in something . permalink embed save report give gold REPLY score hidden ] a minute ago My goodness . So I see . Permalink embed save parent report give gold REPLY 
0 ... oo Sprint LTE 9:10 AM o 44 % Tweet Liked by and 2 others v ME : anyone but trump GARY JOHNSON : will outlaw schools . JILL STEIN : Crystals are the only technology we need . ME : ok hillary i guess 8/13/16 , 11:11 AM 5,556 RETWEETS 10.5K LIKES Reply to drewtoothpaste Home Notifications Moments Messages Me 
0 Girls ' schools still offering g `` Something special , -head BY LAURA WEERS May alarasitee__Erts Mivee elm a witler eMewal eat . EAarntae G & kle , sed the Knara be   ra ers of boa Lasses CoBrgetse dekrted tteeir winning 9mrEa '' , .derty be _rke Fupt.Twa mr an rets nikcer icaN-E Eke pop bat e AlaXL an uhat dw yo_ A ax o : l tte dca damas a.aaacs , aathi The amer ran ofthe wiriang aginral , Albau Iat Caange u eone bfNSasl anesvars ( a  Shan Gea ear ele an aringngWM _ex thbwet dletautalng ar.. exaEAk hana hul xfrx tsrmethlery keroner eur keis , freleEy , was biseasaaljotal aewsrae and weal work asa erenawe_smet f er eny  _kale Herve star ere d Twm e arts dvf `` Ane Irtxps enrse de ade haie bern Previrupry . dv b : L Terer whe ethy wer , treeaL hn many aberts Chehehas tatin ' GL- Ihe ir 's a le Flo aat : `` Soyal Ee pre pigs itthelesertEr79 learns lvaadins md b : manis vert ) mentu'- pantinafirlthie a k lad Eatia , bres var 
1 FEE Can you describe the individuals who attacke you ? yes officer they were vibrant youths of troubled backgrounds seeking an outlet to express their bottled rage collected from a system which exploits them due to its inherent white racial supremacy BERN 
0 STILL ABETTERTEAMOWNER EL MEMES THAN DONALD STERLING 
0 Which Democratic candidate is best suited to handle terrorism ? None Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Martin OMalley 5 % 0 % 10 % 15 % 20 % 25 % 30 % 35 % 40 % 45 % 50 % Source : Reuters/Ipsos Pol . As of December 13 , 2015 l Weekly mean l Sample Size : 2,068 people polled online 
1 SHIT REDD SATS Comments related BRIGADED BY D Ah . So this is what will bef eft submit BRIGADED BY DONALD FART SUPPORTERS 234 comments source share save hide report h 
1 FACTS DONT LIEaz . Reagan : 11 mass shootings Bush Sr : 12 mass shootings Clinton : 23 mass shootings Bush Jr : 16 mass shootings Obama : 162 mass shootings 
1 2012 Cao Bernie 2016 GREENPEACE THIS ENDLESS WAR against I 'm next wat the BERNIE SANDERS COM Obama 
0 Wi-Fi Wi-Fi networking On Available Wi-Fi networks Clinton email server Secured Linksys02865 Secured 9ZQ33 Secured Bobsiphone Secured Century Link4013 Secured Century Link9748 Secured 3:56 
1 On 1-20-2017 What is the first thing you want Donald to do ? 1 . Arrest Obama & Hillary 2 . Start the wall 3 . Reverse all executive orders 4 . Restore relations with allies 5 . Stop the in flow of immigrants 6 . Start deporting illegal immigrants 7 . Restore Jobs taken away by Obama 8 . Start the VA reform our veterans need 9 . Stop all funding for the BLM , EPA , & TSA 10 . Make Concealed Carry legal without permits ( if you pass a background check , you carry ) 11 . Get the Government out of our schools ( let the parents & teachers govern school curriculum & lunch ) 12 . Rebuild our military Run America like a profitable business ! 
1 Feel The BERN 
0 5 ( Recent ) worst Mass Murders America , with a Firearm 1 . Ft Hood : Registered Democrat/Muslim . 2 . 2 . Columbine : Too young to vote ; both families were registered Democrats and progressive Iiberals . 3 . Virginia Tech : Wrote hate mail to President Bush and to his staff . 4 , Colorado Theater : Registered Democrati staff worker on the Obama campaign ; occupy Wall Street participant ; progressive liberal . 5 . Connecticut School Shooter : Registered Democrat ; hated Christian All of These Shooters were , Progressive Liberal Democrats Stephen EHughe 
1 School M8 with X and X 23 April at 16:55 In order to be correct l 'm sometimes I 'm politically incorrect . Thats wh intelligent people like what say . You know when your speaking truth because you receive a lot of hate . Thats why Jesus Christ , me , Donald Trump and Martin Luther King are considered controversial . 2 were killed for it . For speaking truth . Like Comment Share View 7 more comments some guy : take a chill pill ! Like Reply 1 Yesterday at 00:12 
0 SOME SAY THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION IS JUST FOR WHITE PEOPLE BUT THEY RE WRONG . THIS GUY IS ORANGE . made on Tmgu 
1 When the homey running for Prez and you hoping to be the Secretary of Cologne 22h vahab1269 , rentstation , alejandroruizo6 , briangerz , medoxmasr and matthew 2lit like this idiot.cinema Axe Body Spray baby ... . # scottbaio frnc 2016 # trump # democrat frepublican 
0 you expect me to give you a handout ? The candy is on the roof If you 're lucky , it might trickle down oh crap , a republican 
1 ALL THE REAL RACIST VOTE DEMOCRAT 
1 NOT SURE IF TRUMP 'S PART OF A CONSPIRACY TO ELECT HILLARY OR HILLARY PART OF A CONSPIRACY TO FLECT TRUMP 
1 Bishop Earl Walker Jackson Sr . has issued a plea for all Christians to leave the Democrat Party Democrats boo 'd God 3 times at 2012 convention ! Democrats support abortion , and place Planned Parenthood clinics in minority neighborhoods . *Democrats reject the Bibical Family structure . *Democrats are openly hostile to those who express their Christian Value *Hillary says we must give up some of our principles *Democrats are hostile toward the display of a cross and public prayer . Democrats have turned their backs on God ! 
0 The Latest From Twitter Follow @ Lindsey Graham SC I think millions of Americans will soon find find the VP candidates Governor Mike Going out on limb here I do n't see this to be the case as well . Pence and Senator Tim Kaine more @ TedCruz in Trump 's Cabinet . https : //t.co/2Mo2C1lo2K palatable than the presidential nominees . Posted July 29 , 2016 Posted July 30 , 2016 Posted July 30 , 2016 
1 me : i hate liberals them : so what are you , a republican ? me : oldmin 
1 Ariel Edwards-Levy @ aedwardslevy 2m stand Bayh for gnus Hillary getty imm HILLARY CLINTON . COM 
0 NO DUMPING BY ORDER % United Governor VOTE JOHNSON for President Gary Johnson 2016.com ock9 
0 When people ask if you 're a democrat or a republican 
1 Ya Boi Bernie Apr 30 at 6:48pm oh noe ! if you come upon this image while scrolling you have been visited by DAT BOl BERNIE ! Comment `` o shit waddup '' in 42069 seconds and you will be blessed with student loan forgiveness , or else you will be doomed to suffer at the hands of the yuge corporashuns and smoke only mids forever o shi Waddu DAT BOI ROLLIN THROUGH THE PRIMARIES d d d 
0 ooo T-Mobile LTE 6:22 PM 46 % a Hillary Clinton Home Posts Photos Videos Events Abc anything you want even president . Tonight is for you . 413 Comments 2K Shares 17.3K Like Comment Share Marketplace Notifications News Feed More 
0 WHAT IF BERNIE WON WA BY SUCH A LARGE MARGIN E BECAUSE YOU CANT FUDGE THE NUMBERS OF A PHYSICAL CAUCUS made an imgur 
1 Give a man a fish , and he eats for a day . Give a man a welfare check , a free cellphone , food stamps , section 8 housing , a six-pack of beer , a crack pipe , and some Air Jordon 's , and he 'll vote Democrat the rest of his life . 
0 I do n't believe that women have any rights , and think gays should be hanged . No , actually , l 'm a Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what a complete 4 primitive asshole you are ! You must be a Republican . Oh ! I 'm sorry ! I apologize ! I hope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
0 Hey Bernie What 's the difference between Progressivism , Fascism , Liberalism Marxism Communism Socialism . Nazism and the Democrat party ? MU SPELLING ! 
1 WHY THE FUCK DOES THE MEDIA IGNORE GARY JOHNSON BUT ONLY STARTS TALKING ABOUT HIM AFTER HE HAS A TINY MISUNDERSTANDING made on imgur 
0 Anonymous ( ID : FaNLvGay 09/30/16 ( Fri ) 00:23:22 No . 90944787 > be Hillary > be former secretary of state > be wife of former POTUS current POTUS Obango is shilling for her > all living former POTUS are on her side > MSM is shilling for her day and night > a super-villain billionaire is spending his fortune to get her into the oval office > her party did all sorts of crooked shit to get her the nomination an army of idiots are waging a war for her on the internet > even the FBI is setting their asses on fire to save her STILL CA N'T MAINTAIN A LEAD OVER THE ORANGE FACED IDIOT FROM THE APPRENTICE Hillary is probably the worst candidate in history . Why are people even considering her ? 
1 I DONT ALLWAYS GO TO WORK ... UK OFCOURSELDO BECAUSE IM NOT A FREELOADING BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTER 
1 BERNIE COLLAPSE VOTING ANYTHING THE CHANGE 
0 Now that Pence willbe flying aroundthe country campaigning for Trump , The Donaldfigured it Wouldbe good to have Penceflyin a planethat saidSomething other than just Trump . Pence received an aircraft from Trump that not only had TrumpPence written on it , ithad a completely different color scheme that vaguely resembles Ar Force One . The aircraft is painted white and blue , just like the what the president flies around in all the time . That is sure to annoy the living daylights out of President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . The new plane is pictured below , side-by-side a picture ofAlr Force One for easy comparison P E N C E @ AMERICAN EXCEPTIONALISM 
0 Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Trebuchet Said some dumb bullshit Launch a 95 kilogram stone projectile over 300 meters 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter Issue : Selena The loss of Selena was unsurmountable I loved J . Lo She would 've been the superstar of this lifetime as she crossed over from the Spanish-language market to mainstream in that movie ! English markets . Her fashion sense , stage presence , dance moves and charisma were like none I 'd seen before . Fuck Yolanda Saldivar . 
0 was tagged in a photo . MOM ! with SON 2 hrs `` Hey , where d you get that sticker ? '' `` I was at a football game and someone 's mom was putting them on everybody . `` Hey , did your school paper endorse Hillary ? '' `` Oh yeah . We did n't even say why . Totally obvious . We just went on to talk about voting and stuff . '' Like Comment Share 
0 I like dank memes & I have dangerously low self-esteem Kinda fat , pretty much just looking for hookups . If you get me famous on/r/meirl , I 'll give you a nice , firm handshake 2 Interests Bernie Sanders U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders 
1 RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT CHART VLADIMIR PUTIN DMITRY MEDVEDEV SERGEY SHOGYU SERGEY LAVROV VLADIMIR KOROLEV CUSTODIAN IGOR KOROBOV ASST CUSTODIAN DONALD TRUMP MELANIA TRUMP 
1 File : bernie sanders gif ( 1.68 MB , 290x246 ) O Anonymous 10/08/16 ( Sat ) 19:50:46 No.31957540 31958450 31958524 be me in high school sweat a lot due to anxiety armpit sweat becomes visible on shirt , feeding into the vicious cycle of anxiety have an idea : armpit tampons tape toilet paper to my armpits and go to school go to the bathroom during lunch to replace them they fell out > at some point either in class or walking in the halls , my armpit tampons fell out do n't know who saw Anonymous 10/08/16 ( Sat ) 19:53:38 No.31957586 File : 1474650621218 jpg ( 204 KB , 900x973 ) > mfw did the same thing except used tampons for my swamp ass 
0 e in talifrnia Find your polling place Check if you 're registered to vote G Republican primary 6 mins ago Donald Trump won NJ NM , and SD G Democratic primary 6 mins ago Hillary Clinton won the New Jersey primary More results Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim 
1 THIS IS NOT NOT A REPUBLICAN VS DEMOCRAT ELECTION THIS IS ABOUT PROFFESSIONAL WRESTLING ECLIPSING THE WRITHING LAST GASP OF SANITY # TRAILERPARKUSA # SUICIDEISPAINLESS T R U M P DOUCHE LAND UBER ALLES ! 2016 
0 deserttson methlehem Never ask a British person about the price of Freddo 's abithehugslut answered you : whats the price of freddo 's deserttsong OKAY RIGHT SO BASICALLY FREDDO 'S ORIGINALLY COST 5 PENCE THOSE WERE THE GOOD DAYS THE HAPPY DAYS FULL OF JOY AND SUNSHINE AND CHEAP DELICIOUS CHOCOLATY TREATS BUT THEN THE ECONOMY WENT TO HELLAND CADBURY THE CHOCOLATE COMPANY WHO LITERALLY MAKE ALL THE GOOD CHOCOLATE IN ENGLAND WERE LIKE HEY LETS RAISE THE PRICE TO 8 PENCE AND EVERYONE WAS LIKE WE UNDERSTAND TIMES ARE HARD BUT THEN CADBURY RAISED THEM TO 10 PENCE LIKE OKAY DUDES WOH STOP THATS DOUBLE THE ORIGINAL PRICE AND THEN THEY RAISED IT TO 20 PENCE PER FREDDO THAT IS FUCKlNG BULLSHIT ONCE YOU COULD BUY 20 FREDDOS FOR ONE POUND AND NOW YOU CAN ONLY BUY 4 FUCK asked a British person about Freddo 's 
0 WOMEN SUPPORT Equal ight BERNE SANDERS LAPOR ' Equal Pay For Equal Work omen Bernie 
0 UNITE THE PARTY It 's time for Ted Cruz to drop out NO HILLARY IN NOV LSE 
0 OLIGARCHY RIGGING 101 Just direct your animosity at him You 'll have Hillary if and vote for me you do n't vote for me out of fear THIS SETUP IS CALLED `` CONTROLLED OPPOSITION '' A.K.A . MANIPULATING PEOPLE 'S EMOTIONS TO MAKE THEM THINK THEY HAVE A MEANINGFUL CHOICE 
1 HILLARY CLINTON DONALD TRUMP DUM : DUMal AND THE DEBATE 
0 Cassidy 25 mins Literally where is Clinton getting her polls from ? I 've spoke with dozens of people and have yet to find Clinton supporters # Trump 2016 Comment Like Share 
1 DID YOU KNOW THAT THERE ARE OTHER CANDIDATES OUTSIDE OF THE REPUBLICAN AND DEMOCRAMC PARTIES 
1 BERNIE WO N'T BE ABLE TO GET ANYTHING DONE WITHOUT CONGRESS AND TRUMP WILL TURN THIS COUNTRY INTO NAZI GERMANY ALL ON HISOWN 
1 REPUBLICAN FACEBOOK PAGE ASKED.IF JESUS HAD A GUN WHAT KIND WOULD IT BE IPOSTED THIS AND THEY BANNED ME 
0 Donald Trump Jr . Donald JTrumpJr 1h Ha 5 students when asked why they were protesting could n't even answer . The participation medal/micro aggression generation is pretty sad ! t R , 2,079 3,169 Top Tweet John Legend ajohnlegend . @ Donald JTrumpJr think they were protesting your racist father . This is n't complicated . 
0 MELANIA TRUMP GIVES ONE SPEECH ABOUTIETHICSAND STANDARDS 
1 Bernie Bernie Sanders a Bernie Sanders North Korea is one of the biggest threats we face . Their economic and social policies have created a monstrous dictator we have to stop . 599 705 NORTH KOREA IS EVIL ! SOCIALISM IS THE WORST ! THOSE EVIL ECONOMIC POLICIES CREATED DICTATORS THERE AND IN MANY OTHER COUNTRIES ! DO N'T FORGET TO VOTE FOR SOCIALIST SANDERS IN 2016 ! # FEELTHEBERN BABY ! 
0 STATE DRIVER LICENSE DL B12340 LN AMERICA FN S20 CHESTNUT ST PHILADELPHIA PA19106 Doe o7IO4ld 1776 SEXM HAIR EYES COOPVOTERI.D . a Ramireztoons JOHN SMITH CHICAGO RIP DEMOCRAT VOTER I D michaelpramirez com 
0 hillary Clinton 's birthday ALL NEWS SHOPPING IMAGES VIDEOS Hillary Clinton Date of birth October 26 , 1947 ( age 69 years Place of birth Edgewater Hospital , Chicago Spouse : Bill Clinton ( m. 1975 ) 
1 May 11 at 9:41 PM I see a lot of Hispanic families as walk on the Swamp Rabbit Trail and around the lake at Furman . I 've noticed something . There are usually 2 or 3 kids in tow , and the moms are either pregnant or pushing a stroller . Hispanic people seem to be pro-life and genuinely devoted to marriage and family . Another thing : most often , the Dad is right there WITH THE FAMILY . This is admirable ! And it also points to the fact that Conservatism ought to be the natural political home for Hispanic people due to our shared values . As Mr. Trump says , `` I love the Hispanics ! '' 
0 Donald J. Trump arealDonald Trump 2 hours ago We 've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme . Wikileaks may have found the answer . Obama ! nationalreview.com/article/ 4411 15 In reply to 43 seconds ago ankit sharma @ ankit 5566 @ real Donald Trump hindu love trump via Twitter for Android 
0 THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN A REPUBLICAN AND A DEMOCRAT Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were walking down the street when they came to a homeless person Donald Trump gave the homeless person his business card and told him to come to his office for a job . He then took $ 20 out of his pocket and gave it to the homeless person Hillary saw this , so when they came to another homeless person , she walked over to the home- less person and gave him directions to the welfare office She then reached into Donald 's pocket and got out $ 20 . She kept $ 15 . for `` administrative fees '' and gave the homeless person $ 5 Now do you understand the difference ? 
0 FEEL THE BERN 
0 r/the donald the donald r/the donald the donald the donald r/the donald the donald the donald r/the donald r/the donald the donald r/the donald 
1 SO THE DNCWANTSMETO VOTE DEMOCRAT IN THE GENERALELECTION THEN WHYDID THEN CHANGE ME TOINDEPENDENTINTHEPRIMARIES ? 
0 TRUMP PENCE VP DEBATE 1108 18 RS MIN SEC LIVE ON CNN TONIGHT 2016 RACE LIVE ENCE vs. KAINE IN vp DEBATE AT 9pM ET ON cNN CNN NAS 21.2 S ARE ON THE ROLLS THAN REPUBLICANS NUMBER IS A KEY METRIC C NEWSROOM 
1 WS VOICE NOTE ebate REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE abc NEWS COM 
0 Bernard Bernie Sanders we will win in all the states in America and he will definitely win in Washington DCBernard B Sanders 2016 President Bernard Bernie Sanders 2017 to 2025 America The White House and the Oval Office . Bernie sanders way higher delicates votes and states way more ahead of Hillary Clinton Sanders 2016 no ary Clinton . Like Reply 7-3 hrs 
1 CIRQUE DU SO LAME Paul Ryan , Donald Trump , Mike Pence , and Reince Priebus the act known to all as `` The Aristocrats arrives today in Cleveland for performances on July 18-21 [ Parental Advisory : Thematic content , coarse/crude language , disturbing images ] 
0 675 I My rural neighbor is a hippie Bernie supporter and his dog got loose . Guess what I did ? MIGRANTS BTFO ( self The Donald ) submitted 2 hours ago by 3 OR I put on my MAGA hat , coaxed him into my car and drove the 1/3rd of a mile to his place When I saw my neighbor , I told him that I caught his dog illegally entering my country , and that I was deporting him My neighbor laughed and offered me a beer , because we both understand that people with different political viewpoints can still be good neighbors 20 comments source share save hide give gold report hide a child comments 
0 JILL STEIN GARY JOHNSON YOU HAVE NO POWER HERE 
0 N Dallas , Texas 10:31 AM CT DALLAS TRUMP VS . THE MEDIA LIVE CAMPAIGN SPOKESPERSON QUESTIONS COVERAGE CNN Katrina Pierson Trump Campaign Spokesperson D INVESTORS STATEMENT SAYS MALIK COULD RECENE UPTD 20 YEAR RELIABLE souncES I have a degree in Nuclear Engineering and an MBA , read over 1000 books and do quite well . am voting for Trump ! I 'm sure CNN will call me illiterate . May 22 
1 Michelle Obama says Donald Trump 's private remarks about women 11 years ago were `` shocking and demeaning '' Never mind that the Obamas have repeatedly invited rap and hip hop musicians to be honored at the White House musicians who sing lyrics that not only objectify men and their body parts and glorify sexual assault , but also cop killing . Enough of the phony moralizing , Mrs. Obama . 
0 wants to kill babies weehS ... T was born 60 3n Donald Trump will protect our guns AND our babies aheamericalareatagain 
1 How Trump is seen by Hillary Supporters Trump Supporters al ASSELN HEUSER The Republican Party The Rest of the World DGRRRGRAPHICS.COM SPECIAL THANKS DANELDAUSCHAT PAREONCOMP ALABAMA CONATIST CON ARTIST . CON ARTIST cONARTISY ! COP 
1 `` I 'VE MADE A HUGELMISTAKE '' MIKE PENCE EDITION made 
1 Clinton 22 Prosperity 6 Sni ITH r A DAI IAIA 
1 To All of the Dumbass Liberals Who Promise '' They 'll Move to another Country , if Trump Wins ... I Say This If Hillary Wins I 'm NOT Moving Anywhere I 'm Buying More Ammo And Taking Back My Country YouMay Want to Movel 
0 CREATORS , caM LIES a Ramireztoons LOOK ! TRUMP SAD SOMETHING DAOAN ... www.michaelpramirez com 
0 Lori Hendry @ Lrihendry What 's the difference between progressivism , fascism , liberalism Marxism , Communism , Socialism Nazism , and the Democrat party ? Spelling 4:51 PM 07 Oct 16 119 RETWEETS 155 LIKES Patrick @ GrunaugenWolf A @ Lrihendry got nothing 1h 
0 I am SOOOO Confused ... .. If Trump ls the Hate-Mongering Candidate , Why Are n't HIS Supporters Murdering Cops And Innocent People 
0 Conservative , Labour , Liberal Democrat . They 're all just spokes on a wheel . This one 's on top , then that one 's on top , and on and on it Spins , crushing those on the ground . We 're not going to stop the Wheel . We 're going to break the wheel 
0 an 23 Bae : Come Over Bernie : ca n't l 'm running for President Bae : I have student loans Bernie 46K 
0 BERNIE 
0 Kaine 
0 SANDERSFORPRESIDENT Comments other discussions ( 4 ) view images ( 2 M By Endorsing Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders May Have Positioned Himself to Win The Presidency medium com submitted 4 hours ago MusicMagi O 24 comments source share save hide give gold report hide all child comments all 24 comments subscribe 
0 BERNIE SANDERS BELIEVES EVERYTEAM DESERVES A SUPER BOWL , EVENTHE LIONS @ NFLMEMEZ 
1 riday , 15 January 2016 at David Bowie 69 Alan Rickman 69 fingers crossed guys Donald Trump Age 69 June 14 , 1946 Like Comment Share 23 people like this . Write a comment . 
1 project Murphy net What if Bernie Sanders was a socialist ? # Project Murphv 
0 19.6 O N/A Bernie Sanders ersMan Builds A Dog Train To Take Rescued Stray Dogs On Adventures in memeland 
1 BRACE YOURSELVES FORMIKE PENCE MEMES How big is my ego ? This big ! 
1 FACES OF THE POT 90 A Susan Saran dun and Tim Robbins were the darlings of Hollywood . Both had successful acting careers and supported Bernie `` The Mad Commie '' Sanders . After a rally in North Dakota to support oil hating Indians , they up their THE POT slammed two `` Burlington Bindles '' of SLAMMER ! veins . Now there dead like every other POT 
0 Oh No ! Youve be cLOCKED in the FUGKANG PUSSY by Donald `` The C Trump ! LLOYDS Up VOTE i Conds or you 'll run out of e ! 
1 Anonymous 05/21/16 ( Sat ) 18:37:04 No.338437809 338438117 File : 1459704054948.gif 263 KB , 600x304 ) A liberal Muslim homosexual ACLU lawyer professor and abortion doctor was teaching a class on Karl Marx , known atheist `` Before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship Marx and accept that he was the most highly-evolved being the world has ever known , even greater than Jesus Christ ! At this moment , a brave , patriotic , pro-life Navy SEAL champion who had served 1500 tours of duty and understood the necessity of war and fully supported all military decision made by the United States stood up and held up a rock . `` How old is this rock ? '' The arrogant professor smirked quite Jewishly and smugly replied `` 4.6 billion years , you stupid Christian ' Wrong It 's been 5,000 years since God created it . If it was 4.6 billion years old and evolution , as you say , is real ... then it should be an animal now '' The professor was visibly shaken , and dropped his chalk and copy of Origin of the Species . He stormed out of the room crying those liberal crocodile tears . The students applauded and a registered Republican that day and accepted Jesus as their lord and savior . An eagle named `` Small Government '' flew into the room and perched atop the American Flag and shed a tear on the chalk . The pledge of allegiance was read several times , and God himself showed up and enacted a flat tax rate across the country . The professor lost his tenure and was fired the next day . He died of the gay plague AIDS and was tossed into the lake of fire for all eternity 
0 C oho The dead have_ Oh , The dead have risen my God . and they 're voting Republican 
0 38 3456 39 2826 Nailed It imagur.com ) submitted 19 hours ago by worff C+1 ] to /r/whitepeoplegifs 184 comments share save hide report [ +cl Bernie Is a Real OG imagur.com ) O submitted 18 hours ago by pwnrmasta_01 [ +2 ] to /r/blackpeoplegifs 89 comments share save hide report [ l+ cl 
1 WHO 'S ON THE BALLOT ? e DREAMER SUPPRESSION CLIMATE CHANGE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU I DO N'T KNOW f I JUST DO N'T LIKE IF I CAN VOTE T FOR HILLARY . HER . SORENSEN 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Favorite Star Wars Character ? `` Wedge Antilles . The man fought in the Battle of Yavin . Survived a trench run on the first Death Star `` Jar Jar steps in while saving Luke . Took down an AT-AT on Hoth and helped lead the poopie ! the fight in the Battle of Endor The man is a hero in my eyes and should be celebrated . '' obvious plaat 
0 Would you kill a bourgeoisie end World hunger ? So Vou re gon na et millions of people starve for one stupid bourgeoisie VOTE DEMOCRAT I do n't like to abuse eople . VOTE DEMOCRAT 
0 SO YOU 'RE AGAINST IMMIGRATION SPLENDID WHEN DO YOULEAVE ? bit.ly/stopthegop AMERICANS AGAINST THE REPUBLICAN PARTY 
0 non debateable Inbox x May 28 ( 2 days ago r to me HI/u/ezzeloharr , i sent your email to aunties Sewermouth TRUMP , has brought out all the dormant evils un the U.S. , , racism , bigotry , supremacy wierdos , liberterians , and blame on other people who might not agree IT 's comparable to the crumbling ROMAN EMPIRE . pray sanity will prevail but it ' not looking good.VIVE CANADA//lovell grandpapa// 
1 WELL , SHE 'S THE LESSER OF TWO EVILS YEAH , BUT HES ABRD PARTY CANDIDATE Gary Johnson 2016 STILL EVIL NOT EVILAT ALL 
0 Google republican zodiac cuban canadain d X O ALL IMAGES NEWS VIDEOS MAPS Showing results for republican zodiac cuban canadian doggo not the bork bork kind Search instead for republican zodiac cuban canadain doggo not the bork bork komd 
0 I AM NOT BERNIE 
1 I recall a few months ago when seemingly the entire Republican Party were gravely concerned about their wives or daughters walking into a bathroom and being groped or molested by a trans-woman . But now they seem to think it 's perfectly fine for their nominee for president to do it to any woman he happens to lust after 3 hours ago Unlike 524 
1 RIGSENTIRE ELECTION PROCESS TELLS BERNIE SANDERS HESBEING DISRUPTIVE TO DEMOCRACY 
1 I do n't believe that women have any rights , and I think gays should be hanged No , actually , I 'm a A Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what a complete primitive asshole you are ! You must be a Republican . Oh ! I 'm sorry ! I apologize ! l hope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
0 Oh , I feel it Feel the Bern Kronk 
1 T Yesterday at 3:07pm Most Republican candidates agree that they would indeed kill baby Hitler , given the chance . A far more interesting question , in my opinion , would be whether or not they 'd support aborting fetal Hitler MUA HA HA ! 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be infonned . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Selling Weed 
0 keldorr92 Popcorn [ score hidden ] 2 hours ago Seriously . Stop hiding the tapes Mark , the American people deserve to know about your small handed buddy . GI Malpractice TA score hidden ] 34 minutes ago He 's too big a piece of shit for that . Trump is his meal-ticket , and money matters more to him than rape victims do . Which , in my mind , puts him at # 1 on the list of `` People whose existence makes me question opposing the death penalty . Dude should be beaten with reeds until he 's nothing but a puddle and a memory . 
0 TIME MACHINE PICOF THE WEEK . AUGUST 2066 A BERNIE OR BUST made on imgur 
0 Dad , do we Feel The Bern ? No son . We have responsibilities and contribute to society 
1 BERN THEM ALL 
0 A FUTURE TO BELIEVE IN BERNIE SANDERS COM CALIFORNIA REPUBL 
0 USA TODAY DEMOCRAT AND CHR 
1 Republican Party Cas Busken 2016 Presidential Cookie Poll Democratic Party Cookie Party en Dy vote VOTED 
1 Photos : The Republican National Convention Melania Trump kisses her husband , Donald , after she spoke Monday on the first day of the Republican National Convention . `` If you want someone to fight for you and your country , I can assure you , he 's the guy , '' she said of her husband , the GOP 's presumptive nominee He will never , ever give up . And most importantly , he will never , ever let you down . '' 1 of 24 Hide Caption 
0 Republicans and Democrats alike do n't want Bernie Sanders as their next president because of multiple reasons and one of the main ones is he 's a socialist.. Well maybe these same people that are against him should stop using Facebook and Twitter and any other SOCIAL media outlet considering anyone can find information about you your kids your job what your doing on vacation and the rest of the 24 hours in your day . If your not a fan of SOCIALISM why would you be a part of it with a SOCIAL media account ? I Like Share Comment 
0 Bernie or Hillar Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . IMMAGOTOSTARBUCKSINTHE Issue : MORNING FOR SOMECOFFEE IF THERE AINT SOUND SUKEA NO GIRLSTHERE PLAN YOUNG MAN IWONTBUY NO DAMN COFFEE img flip com 
1 DEMOCRAT SUPPORTSGUN CONTROL BRANDISHES AK-47 WITH THUMB ON TRIGGER 
1 IF YOU HATE TRUMP AND CLINTON CONSIDER VOTING FOR GARY JOHNSON 
0 Do you really want to live in a country where Purell spares the top 0.01 % of germs while the bottom 99.9 % suffer ? & WORLD REPORT Win McNamee/Getty Images Thomas Casey Bernie Sanders 
1 Cincinnaj Cincinnati CINCINNATI Cinci Lincinnati incinn State Cinci Cincinnati Cinci State ti BALLOT BOWL 08 ate CNN SEN , HILLARY CLINTON 11:04a PT ncin ( D ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE AYS ITS NUCLEAR PROGRAM IS FOR ENERGY , NOT WEAPONS 
0 EVERYONE IS CONCERNED ABOUT TRUMP GETTING THE NOMINATION AND ITMJUSTSITTING HERE VOTING FOR GARY JOHNSON 
1 us on facebook VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT AGAIN . NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE . I DO N'T CARE IF GOD BECOMES A DEMOCRAT THESE DEMOCRATS ARE GANGSTERISM . THIS IS CRAZY '' Do you agree ? Comment YES or NO 
1 MSK hillary Clinton.com 
0 Jared Pierce 18 turns o he hourglass I lived in Russia 1993-95 , right after the Soviet Union fell . l know and lived in the real effects of socialism stood in the bread lines , potato lines , meat lines , egg lines and most any other LINEs . These lines sucked hope and prosperity from the souls of men . Bernie and his millennial minions have no comprehension of the damage and lasting effect of such policies . May we GOP Americans find a real true blue American Capitalist to support is my prayer . Most younger kids ( 18-30 ) have no understanding of these difficult times their forefathers fought against . Like Scrawl yer thoughts 21 
0 Donald Trump could do no right . Hillary could do no wrong So between them both you see they fooled the American throng . 
1 IS THIS REAL LIFE ? ! what if hillary clinton was in real life # Project Murph 
0 SAY , DARLIN WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT JILL STEIN MAKING AN INDEPENDENT RUN FOR THE WHITE HOUSE ? HUSH , BILL M THINKING SMEAR JOB OR A HIT JOB ? WHICH WOULD HAVE THE BEST EFFECT ? 
0 98 % 12:55 PM LTE K Daddy 02/26/2016 Fri FYI , I just caught a Car full of boys stealing the Bernie sign from our yard . chased them down , fussed at them and made them give me the sign back ! I respect your right to endorse your candidate ! 12:49 PM Holy crap ! Thank you ! Is it back in the ground ? Did you ask them what they were gon na do with it ? m curious if they wanted their own ! 12:52 PM No they do not support him , of course it is back in the ground . 12:52 PM 
0 Allihear ... ..is BERN ! 
1 IDIONT PROTECT My REPUBLICAN CITIES AND TOLD THE POLICE TOSTAND DOMIN BECAUSE IAMA PROGRESSIVE S ST BERAL DEMOCRAT AND I PROVIDEA SANCTUARY CITYROR ILLEGALS May of an Jose 
0 9:21 PM ooo AT & T K Messages Bernie Sanders Details U watchin debate ? Yes Whatcha think ? Yes What is she doingggggg 222 Right ? O Text Message Send Q W E R T Y U I O P A S D F G H J K L 123 return space 
1 CLINTON SBAD MKAAAY BERN IES GOOD MKAAAY 
0 Nathan Zed & @ Nathan ed CLINTON-TRUMP DEBATE BEGINS MONENTARL 7:06 PM 26 Sep 2016 7,397 RETWEETS 9.735 LIKES 
0 RISE TOGETHER What are rail tr BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT FOR THE PEOPLE 
0 My 11 year old niece Vaidehi , kinda had a great analogy after watching the debate tonight . She said You know , Hillary is like an organic sandwich made with organic bread , avocados and all things that have taken years and proper nurturing to grow Donald trump on the other hand is like McDonalds . It 's bad , everyone knows but still lot of people buy and eat it . I am happy to know that She 's with her . Himwithher 
1 WVTM 13 13 3 hrs Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani teenager and Nobel Peace Prize winner , condemned Donald Trump 's controversial plan to ban Muslims on Tuesday Trump would temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the U.S. , a proposal that has rocked the Republican fie ... Malala : Trump 's plan is full of hatred ' WWW WVTM 13.COM BY BY THEODORE SCHLEIFER CNN Like Comment a Share Top Comments 18 people like this . 1 share oo bad the bullet did n't work . Lmao Like Reply 2 35 mins 
1 A cop voting for a Democrat IS like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders Police Officers fb 
1 SORR BUT I HAVE TO HAVE MY SAY e are all christians no matter what faith we are or what religion The only terrosist is a stupid one especially to involve their own religion or other religions , they are just ignorant people , who dont have back bone , to say they are terorists involving a religion , is just sad . And in my books Trump is just a white supremist trying to over throgh the people , and the people who beleive in him are very stupid . ke Renlv 6 hrs 
0 November 2016 : `` and the president of the United States is , Mr. Donald Trump '' 
1 daredevil-sexual If all women need to be feminists because a previous wave of feminism gave them their rights , then all black people should be Republicans since it was Republicans who freed them from slavery and gave them rights . If your response to that is `` Well , the Republican Party has changed '' , then consider this : So has feminism . Source : daredevil sexual 110 notes 
0 Tweet a Bernie Sanders was just a cool old man tryna make weed legal , college affordable , and wages higher HOW did we end up w Trump and Clinton 10/9/16 , 8:46 PM 
0 WHY DID BOTH CHICKENS CROSS THE ROAD ? TO AVOID DEBATING BERNIE SANDERS inglip.com 
1 Hillary for Prison 2016 www . Hillary-Satan2016.com 
0 Bernie 2016 OK , Fine . HILLARY I Guess BERNIE SANDERS.COM 
0 never thou d be protesting I be KASICH 2016 side by-side with a democrat ! Bernie 2016 What about Bernie 2016 With a friend KASICH 2016 Aye . I can do that . occupy DNC 
0 Rope Chains 24 September 2016 DougM Sondrakistan.com HILLARY GOT ALL CUTE TRUMP SAW HER PLAY NOW WW , QUESTION IS AND RAISED HER INVITING MARK CUBAN WHERE IS BUBBA JENNIFER FLOWERS GON NA SIT ? TO SIT IN THE FRONT ROW TO TROLL TRUMP 
0 U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders 8 hrs What do the Koch brothers want ? Let me tell you . They want to give Americans the freedom '' to live in poverty working for $ 3 or $ 4 an hour without healthcare , without childcare , without a pension , without the ability to send their kids to college , and without any hope that their children will have a higher standard of living than they do . In other words , the Koch brothers and the billionaire class want it all . OH REALLY BERNIE ? SO HOW COME ME AND MY BRO PAY OURWORKERSANAVERAGE SALARY OF $ 64,000 , DONATE MILLIONS TO HoSPITALS AND COLLEGES AND VARIOUS OTHER CHARITIESP imgflip.com 
0 matt the rapper Following The Matt Klein24 I felt the bern , but Hillary brought the aloe . # ImWithHer RETWEETS LIKES 9:44 PM-7 Jun 2016 
1 ___  FOR MY BUNGHOLE ! TRUMP PENCE 
0 I AM NOT AN FERVENT HILLARY CLINTON SUPPORTER BUT BERNIE SANDERS SHOULD DROP OUT OF THE RACE , HE IS N'T GOING TO BE THE NEXT PRESIDENT on inngur 
1 APRIL 27 , 2016 Cruz Hopes to Tap Into Immense Popularity of Carly Fiorina BY ANDY BOROWITZ Political insiders called the choice of the wildly adored Fiorina a game-changer for the Cruz campaign . APRIL 25 , 2016 Koch Brothers Consider Purchasing First Democrat BY ANDY BOROWITZ The two considered acquiring a Democrat only after determining that none of the Republicans was worth adding to their collection . APRIL 22 , 2016 Trump Reassures Supporters That He Still Opposes Women Who Were Born Women BY ANDY BOROWITZ After expressing tolerance toward transgender people , the candidate clarified his position on women in general . 
0 actual scale ( simplified ) Bernie Hillar Trump commutists revisionist socdems liberals conserwtives fascists anarchists Socialists AMERICAN scale Bernie Hillary Trump NAZS GODLESS COMMIES 
0 THE DONALD ? made on inngur 
1 WE 'RE FUCKED , MOVE TO CANADA I STILL FEEL YOU BERNIE ! I STILL FEEL YOU ! P 
1 CNN Politics Like Page 2 hrs Maybe we could have , like , a task force to go to Area 51 Hillary Clinton says Hillary Clinton Gokingly pledges UFO probe WWW . CNN.COM BY ELI WATKINS , CNN 454 Likes 317 Comments 217 Shares Like Comment Share 
0 Seemingly everyone in town proudly arrived at the final pro-Trump rally . However , Kermit ca n't help but feel sad knowing his explosives are set to detonate at any moment now , taking him and those surrounding . With a lump in his throat , he whispers his final words , `` Allahu Akbar '' 
0 BERNIE SANDERS CLEANING UPAMERICA 'S SHIT SINCE BEFORE YOUWERE BORN 
0 DVC CAN TSUY BERNIE Feel Bern 
1 THE DEMOCRAT PARTY HAS STARTED THEIR REGISTRATIONIDRIVE 
1 HILLARY FOR PRISON 22016 Or Sooner . LIKE if you Would VOTE for that ! 
0 Grover had found this present on a scavenging mission three months ago . He had saved it for what he vaguely remembered was his birthday . On the 'special ' day he opened it . It contained a copy of Trump 's 'latest ' book . Grover gave a little chuckle and chucked the entire box away . 
1 Go over there to see which Presidential candidate is best for you . The Republican nor the Democrat . `` I do n't like either of them . You Just do n't under stand Vote for Vote for me , me , you pussy ! '' you ass our System 
0 BERN I 
0 WHEN YOU THOUGHT THE ONLY WAY FOR HILLARY TO WIN WAS TO RUN AGAINST TRUMP ONLY TO REALIZE THE ONLY WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN WAS TO RUN AGAINST HILLARY 
0 Anonymous ( ID : ZH9bedF 5 hours ago No.75211812 > > 75211983 75212094 75212522 75213781 J ) 75214462 75214877 75216815 75218241 75218666 75219541 75219654 > > 75221452 75221775 75221786 75222880 75222895 Bernie does n't debate . He has a staring contest with the floor , takes as good and rough a fuck as the other candidate can give , clumsily whines about a few things , and then he walks off stage and posts something irrelevant on twitter like you should n't have to ask for ketchup packets at McDonnalds All Trump has to do is not break Bernie in half like Bane in Knightfall . He just softballs with his and goes in with kiddie gloves . Just enough to put on a show and blow out the commie , but not hard enough to alienate Bernies rabid fanbase . It shows Trump is doing more for women ( thanks to the charity donation ) than Trump ever did , while further dividing the Democratic party Gust take to social media to see the m spurging out ) and will net a decent chunk of Bernouts come November after they get a chance to actually see him speak . It also gives Trump some much needed experience in a 1v1 debate . Sanders is Glass Joe . He 's a tutorial . 
1 Yoko Ono attempts to devour Donald Trump 's tiny soul . 
0 HILLARY BACKSARMING MUSLIMS HILLARY WANTS TODISARMAMERICANS 
0 ID LIKE TO SEE GARY JOHNSON CLIBRETARIAN CANDIDATE ) IN THE NATIONAL DEBATES FUCK ME RIGHT made on imgur 
1 Bernie or Hill Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Aliens Issue : AYYY LMAO Deported 
1 DONALD TRUMP . THE IDIOT made on 
0 They both sound like idiots . What they do n't realize is Democrat , Republican Only an illusion on making the people think they can choose their leaders , and keeping the people separated as 1 . Elections are not real , only an illusion . 11 hours ago 
0 Bernie or Hillan Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : WHAT IS LOVE ? Do n't Hurt Me , Got to do Do n't Hurt Me , it ? No More with 
1 Black lives matter ! Trump ! FBI ! Dallas Police ! Hillary ! Pokemon ! 2015 
0 IR THE DONALD IF YOUR MEMESTORMACTUALLY WORKS , HILLARY IMPLODES , AND BERNIE IS THE DEMOCRAT NOMINEE NSTRUCTC YOURE GON NA HAVE BAD TIME 
1 PENCE NEEDS HIS KiMosABE SICK HILLARY NEEDS HER CHEMOTHERAPY Memes of The Conservative Curmudgeon 
1 I DO N'T LIKE THE LOOKS OF THIS TRUMP PENCE A A 
0 THE bARGAA T N 3 4 Oh hia Penisstore had U cooked the pastries 4 2nites partee ? ? ? yES SNOTragl i HEV COCKED IEK VEW ASCIENED ME how MANY pe Pro r CUMMING 2 da Party e ? U ( DUMN hora ) , ME , nURDIEONID , tHE SEM ITE , aIMLEz , Bernie Winters & ragingpoo So sefun people are comming So for each , da kwantity of pie LS about 22 Punchline** JAJAJAJA Eyes watering 
0 It 's illegal to intimidate voters at a polling place , so even if a black person wanted to vote Republican today , it 's kind of illegal . @ antoniocomedy 
1 7 hrs Obama just into law making the bison the national mammal . What our eagle represented to the America people is why Obama and his Republicans just made the bison the National Mammal . Like all moslems Obama needs to destroy a nation 's symbols . Destroy a nation 's symbols and history will no longer remember what that nation was Then the invaders can make history what they want it to be Like Comment Ca n't wait til the S.O.B is gone Like Reply 1 6 hrs Why ? There was no need for this and no public debate . Like Reply 1 6hrs I guess you will have to ask your Republican Reps Like Reply 6 hrs AA Write a reply . You know an eagle is a bird not a mammal right ? Like Reply Just now 
0 Ernie checks if he mentioned Hillary Clinton and the Obama family in the second publishing of the Panama Papers . 
0 t C-l [ score hidden ] 3 hours ago ast edited 1 hour ago So a governor and candidate for vice president paid 8 % income tax . Meanwhile , I work at walmart and make $ 10.50/hr , and I paid a 16 % rate on my last paycheck . permalink source embed save save-RES report give gold REPLY hide child comments [ score hidden ] 44 minutes ago ast edited 8 minutes ago 10.50 an hour 40 hours a week , is 21,840 in a year . 21,840 standard deduction for single person ( 6,300 ) 15,540 personal exemption ( 4,050 ) Taxable income is 11,490 You pay 10 % on the first 9,275.00 and 15 % after that You pay 1259.75 or 5.7 % So either you will get a tax return check because you improperly filled out your paperwork , or is lies This is with deductions that everyone , in your tax bracket , gets . If you had one child you would n't pay any taxes at all . Edit : I am pro Hillary , I just do n't like bad discussions of taxes , because it is just pointless . permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give gold REPLY 
0 playas we ai n't the same , I 'm into Kaine and guns VAATE 
1 THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN A REPUBLICAN AND A DEMOCRAT Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were walking down the street when they came to a homeless person . Donald Trump gave the homeless person his business card and told him to come to his office for a job . He then took $ 20 out of his pocket and gave it to the homeless person . Hillary saw this , so when they came to another homeless person , she walked over to the home- less person and gave him directions to the welfare office . She then reached into Donald 's pocket and got out $ 20 . She kept $ 15 . for `` administrative fees '' and gave the homeless person $ 5 . Now do you understand the difference ? 
1 Oh no ! Bernie has been G captured b Hillary ISIS Clinton ! Submit your Karma reserves now to Save Bernie from certain death ! ! 
0 DIDNT LIKE THE REPUBLICAN INCUMBENT ELECTED ADEAD DEMOCRAT TO SENATE 
0 Trump : GOP will become worker 's party ' under me By NICK GASS l 05/26/16 O7:44 AM EDT 
1 You whipped out that Mexican thing again . Mike Pence . GOP Candidate for VP of the United States 
0 what the media wont post because its a positive outlook . Trump can actually be a good man . a DEMOCRAT said `` He was n't there to get votes he shook my hand and it felt real , he does care . '' Keep this in mind when voting . He might not show it a lot , but Trump does have a soft side Louisiana flood victims praise Donald Trump for visiting damaged areas Terry Phinney was not always a fan of Donald Trump 's , but when the Republican presidential candidate arrived at his Baptist church to meet flood victims Friday , ... LATIMES COM BY LOS ANGELES TIME 
1 13 hrs And I 'm done with social media because this says it all . Good bye all . I will remember you all in therapy when I 'm telling my psychologist that I 'm crazy because I think about the things that no one else wants to talk about . WHEN I HEAR PEOPLE SAY tbs TOMG , JUSTIN JUST GOTANEW HAIRCUT ! '' CHTPROJECTCOM I WAN NA RESPOND AND SAY OMG , A REPORT BY THE TOPJOURNALIST IN THE WORLD JUSTREVEALED THAT THEINFAMOUS CHEMICAL WEAPONSATTACKIN SYRIAIN 2013 WASA FALSE FLAG OPERATION AUTHORIZED BY HILLARY CLINTON TO FRAMEASSAD AND STARTANOTHER WAR BASED ONALIET 
0 Quick History Lesson : 18th Amendment : Abolished Slavery 100 % Republican Support 23 % Democrat Support 14th Amendment Gave Citizenship to Freed Slaves 94 % Republican Support 0 % Democrat Support 18th Amendment : Right to vote for All 100 % Republican Support 0 % Democrat Support OBAMA CARE : 0 % Republican support 86 % Democrat Support www.UNCLESAMSAMISGUIDEDCHILDREN.coM 
1 BREAKING NEWS ! ALD TRUMP IS 
0 BREAKING NEWS TRUMP AGAIN CALLS OBAMA ISIS FOUNDER ( HE 'S NOT Scottie Nell Hughes Trump Supporter 508 I ST SAYS HER PLANS WOULD CAEATE 10 MILLION JOBS CLINTON SAYS AC36 
1 016 Grann Reserved BERNIE SANDERS E MANDE 
0 LIGE 33 % 7:26 PM Fusion FUSION Aug 18 at 6:15am FUSION and marijuana entrepreneur . Meet Gary Johnson , the pot-loving , tax- hating Libertarian who wants to ( and could ) See More 13k likes 2k comments 77k shares 4.8m views h Like Share Comment Now This Election 
0 SAYS WILL MOVE TO CANADA IF TRUMP IS NOMINEE CANADA BURNS DOWN 
1 /R/FULL COMMUNISM hot new rising controversial top Gilded promoted view images ( 21 ) Do you agree Hillary Clinton is lying about the Clinton Foundation ? Sign the petition ! Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President , Inc promoted by Comrade the-realDonaldTrump save hide report Citizen O promoted post what 's this ? 
1 POLICE SAYS HE 'S UPSET DONALD TRUMP STATED WE ARE ONLY GETTING THUGS AND CRIMINALS FROM MEXICO . BURNS COP CAR ... YOU KNOW ... TO PROVE TRUMP WRONG mematic.net 
0 To should run as a Bernie Bernie is running that 's third party ! the only way to win 
1 If I were president I 'd : 1 . Tear down all Christian churches and replace them with multicultural education centers 2 . Make all racism and hate speech a life in prison sentence 3 . Nationalize ISPs , automobile , oil , gas , and electric industries 4 . Open up all borders so there are zero restrictions on immigration 5 . Arrest anyone earning over 2 million dollars a year and have their wealth evenly distributed 6 . Make healthcare and education completely free 7 . Arrest anyone who is known to have Republican or libertarian affiliations and have them re-educated in a Progress For Society Program for three years 8 . Gun ownership is a death penalty 
1 FREE ! ? think you mean STOLEN from the taxpayers ! There 's no such thing as FREE breadsticks you fucking socialist , learn economics ! sir this is an Olive Garden FUCK bernie s Free with Archyse 
0 Has a lot of money Knows if Bernie wins he has to pay more taxes that will help those less fortunate STILL SUPPORTS BERNIE 
0 `` The Winne reppan , Bernie Sand The winner is actually Bernie Sanders ... '' 66 RAL DORAL ! DEMOCRAT 
1 Ummm I think that somehow your computer is autocrrecting Cruz '' like Santa Cruz to `` lil baby pee pee hahahaha yeah ! I have the evidence to show you later and Paul Bonerstink What why ? OMG I NOTICED THAT TODAY TOO WHYYYYY it 's a plug-in that changes the names of Republican Presidential candidates to dirty words hahahahaha Oh my god Seriously 
1 fstrick BERNIE ANNI MORE HES NO LONGER AMABLE CANDIDATE www.shutterstock.com 160941326 IFYOUDONTSHUT MOUTH THIS SECOND , IM GON NA RIPTOURNIPPLES STUPID CUNT OFF www.shutterstock.com 160940849 
1 I hate those republican fuckers so much omg those racist pricks are literal subhumans l wish Obama would just take away their privilege to freedom of speech omg I 'm waiting for the day that we can go out and destroy their churches and smash apart their shops and businesses we seriously just need to deport all of them we should round them up and send them to work and reeducation camps and just sterilize them or better yet we could just exterminate every last one of them we m Secure the istence of multiculturalism an immigrants ' children honestly fuck those intolerant bigots . They 're literal Nazis 2016 
0 Bernie Bernie Sanders 2016 ( a Bernie Sanders No refunds . Reply t Retweet Favorite More 8:27 PM 7 Jun 16 . Embed this Tweet Follow 
0 Mike Pence : Politics is No Place for `` Name Calling nbonews.com NBC submitted 50 minutes ago by MizzouRah22 NEWS 15 comments share save hide report Trump goes after little ' Michael Bloomberg on Twitter nypost.com submitted 51 minutes ago by restore democracy 16 comments share save hide report 
1 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter Issue : Wrestling `` With the recent rise in popularity `` That Roman Reigns of independent wrestling federations , combined with an int fellow is fan base via the internet , even the surge in popularity of so called mainstream something else , indies like NXT , it 's safe to say huh ? we are in the midst of a within the sport . '' 
0 The Washington Post ) DEBATE . DEMOCRATA DEBATE DEMOCRAT 
1 BLACK LIVES MATTER , WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH AND THE KKK WERE REPORTEDLY THROWING URINE AT EACH OTHER AT THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION THE OTHER DAY BUT IM JUST SITTING HERE ABOUT TO GO TO WORK LIKE A NORMAL PERSON made on 
1 I 'M A DEMOCRAT WHO SUPPORTS FREE SPEECH FUCK ME RIGHT memegenerator.net 
1 BORREL CNN OCBS CLINTON BROADCASTING CLINTON NEWS NETWORK NETWORK aoc NBC ALL BEHIND CLINTON NOBODY BUT CLINTON 
1 I 'M A WHITE FEMALE , CHRISTIAN , REPUBLICAN , PRO-GUN , PRO-LIFE FEMINIST HOW ELSE CANIOFFEND YOU TODAY ? OH , AND IM ALSO VOTING FOR TRUMP 
1 APRIL 25th 2016 Hillary Clinton supporters posted child pomography to numerous Bernie Sanders Facebook pages , then reported the pages to Facebook Will Sanders supporters do the same thing to retaliate ? Never in a million years It 's child pomography . We would never post it , or vote for someone who would condone that or do anything to win . That 's the difference between us . at 's what we are fighting for . SANDERS 
0 TRUMP PENCE  Eill 01 2 
0 The accounting firm responsible for auditing the Clinton Foundation in 2015 , DLA Piper , has James Comey 's brother Peter as its Senior Director . DLA Piper is also Hillary Clinton 's 5th highest contributor of all time . James Comey was also on the board of HSBC , bank which has had extensive dealings with the Clinton Foundation . http : //www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/10/ ys-clinton-foundation-connection/ COMEY 'S REFUSAL TO INDICT HILLARY CLINTON IS DC CRONYISM AT IT 'S FINEST . 
1 JUST TO BE CLEAR PINE MEN YOU MAY HAVE STRIPPED ME or MY BUT I STILL GET ge ize MORE PUSSY THAN YOU THESEARE THE FOLKS WHO PRETEND TO BE OFFENDEDBY DONALD TRUMP 'S LANGUAGE . 
0 Having too choose between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump like . guess Ill d 
0 Donald Trump isthe first person Ive ever seen that nobody likes yet may be elected president THE P 1374 He 's The Big Bang Theory . '' Darrell Dawson youtube.com/dawsoncomedy 
1 dded a post from July 18 to his timeline 2 hrs Quote of the day from a random FB comment . This was in response to Trumps comments about McCains service . `` Donald Trump is the poop stain on Americas underwear . '' 3 Likes I Like Comment Share 
1 THE BEAUTY OF ME IS THAT I 'M VERY RICH . '' DONALD TRUMP bit.ly/stopthegop AMERICANS AGAINST THE REPUBLICAN PARTY 
1 BERNIE SANDERS Never owned a business Never invented anything Never had a 9-5 job Never proposed a single bill that passed ( 25 years in office ) Lived off welfare before he was elected to office 74 years old net worth $ 300,000 Says he can fix healthcare and to be the econom Just like his hero Karl Marx succeeded at nothing , 
1 `` BERNIE SANDERS IS 74 WEARS OLD AND STILL LOOKING FOR A JOB HAT COULD BE MORE AMERICAN THAN THAT ? '' TED ALEHANDRO 
0 S OUT The mistake that really lost this election for Bernie Sanders was not marrying Bill Clinton when he had the chance . @ Ben Longcomedy 
0 BERN IS KING 
1 Of the 33,000 emails Hillary Clinton deleted , over 2,000 of them contained Papa John 's promo codes , including one for a free order of Tuscan 6-cheese breadsticks with the purchase of any large 1-topping pizza . Thumbs up if you think Hillary should release the promo codes . CAFE 
1 NOW YOURE READY TO VOTE FOR HILLARY 
0 ROSS PEROT HAD 8 % SUPPORT BUTGOT TO BE IN THE DEBATE GARY JOHNSON HAS 9 % BUT THATIS NONE OF MY BUSINESS irngflip.com 
0 Journalists HATE Him ! Politician 's discovery revealed the secret to creating a political revolution with just one vote of yours Watch this shocking video and discover how you can topple the establishment with one simple democratic act ... One single vote No radical ideas required . absolutely guaranteed that you will Feel the Bern ! Click to Watch Video Now 
1 Guy Hussein 2 hrs 13 Attention all communist scum . At 1:36 AM Pinochet 's AnCap Militia infiltrated Paul Krugman 's office and kidnapped his favorite My Little Pony plushy , the one he sleeps with at night . We will execute Dashy at exactly 12:00 Midnight EST unless our demands are met . Our demands : 1 ) Make the NAP part of the US Constitution 2 ) End the Federal Reserve 3 ) Make the official currency a gold backed version of Bitcoin , PinoCoin . 4 ) Revoke all educational awards and diplomas from all communist scum , they do n't deserve them . 5 ) Deport Bernie Sanders . 6 ) Segregate all leftists with Jim Crowe themed laws . 7 ) Publicly admit Israel is totally gay 
0 HBO Ernie proudly proclaims r/the donald as the last bastion of free speech on reddit before banning another cuck for disagreeing with him 
1 O 80 % 6:52 PM Replies No Obama is a terrorist muslim sympathizer that is democrat socialism 8 hours ago Like Reply Ithink Jennifer just strung together words she 's afraid of 7 hours ago Like I 1 Reply do n't think there 's a better explanation of that sentence . Just now Like Reply Write a reply 
1 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : The Weed Man $ 15/G mids is Got that straight Cali all I got . Text Dank , 2G for $ 20 . Swing you in a few through and Feel The Bern . hours when I am free 
1 THE PERFECT GOP CANDIDATE IN 2016 ? All of these men believe they can lead America through strength , exhibit conservative beliefs , stand up to the world 's bullies , and bring America together ( within their national/moral view ) . But Sadly , none of them have any experience . The potential candidate who has experience with strong leadership & best reflects Republican values and thinking is : Uote Putin for America ! In your heart you know he is right . We 'll work out the constitutional stuff later . 
1 Drive Through FAST FOOD , RESTAURANT TX , USA I BAD BEHAVIOR , BIZARRE , POLITICS CA customer pulls up to my window and he looks extremely similar to Bill Clinton ) Me : `` Has anyone ever told you that you look like Bill Clinton ? '' Customer : `` I did NOT have sexual relations with that woman ! '' ( The customer then proceeded , in full Clinton style , to light up a joint at my drive-through window . ) 
0 score hidden ) 7 hours ago I was a registered democrat for all of about 15 days before I ripped it up protesting the Iraq War . permalink source save save-RES parent report give gold REPLY [ score hidden ] 6 hours ago Ha . You do know it was the republicans who got is in to that one permalink source save save-RES parent report give gold REPLY t C- ] score hidden ] 6 hours ago As a student of history I 'm poised to remember the democratic role in that war . Peliso and Clinton are just as guilty as Cheny . permalink source save save-RES parent report give gold REPLY score hidden ] 5 hours ago i think you flunked that course . Congrats . Most ludicrous post in Reddit today permalink source save save-RES parent report give gold REPLY 
0 SubjectPolitics Jun 17 at 5:34pm Obama spent his ENTIRE presidency going on comedy shows , now he has the NERVE to say say Donald J. Trump is n't serious . Obama has the NERVE to say Trump is n't `` serious '' SubjectPolitics.com After he spent his entire PRESIDENCY going on comedy shows 385,411 views 13 Comments 
1 EVIDENCE AGAINST HILLARY CLINTON ? YEAHI BETTER JUST FILE THAT 
1 SURE YOU CAN HEAR WHAT HILLARY CLINTON HAS TO SAY THAT LL BE S10,000 VOU DONT HAVE S10,000 ? OHGEEL THAT 'S TOO BAD GUESS YOULL HAVE TO HEAR THE OTHER SPEECHn 
1 HOPE BERNIE SANDERS BECOMES PRESIDENT SOI WONT HAVE TO GET A JOB AFTER COLLEGE n Imgur 
1 SAMSUNG _ TRUMP 
1 Sammy Hagar is 68 years old . Bill Clinton is 69 . Sammy has had over 40 years of sex , alcohol , rock & roll , and drugs . Bill lives with Hillary . AN 
0 COD HATES HUNTER PENCE 
0 `` I HOPE '' THE TRUMP FOUNDATION HAS N'T BROKEN ANY LAWS PERSONALLY SIGNS D CHECK 
0 31 6:26 PM geez . 5 minutes ago I know Bernie 's father 's family was killed in the holocaust and he grew up poor , while Hillary has always lived in a rich white household and only got richer , but it 's okay for me to ignore that because as a white middle class housewife who lives great without working I understand that Bernie is sexist and needs to check his male privilege . So I support Hillary # imwithher # killallmen # feminism 1 hour ago EARLIER REPLIES The # feminism kind of gave it away 
0 *me , voting for Bernie Sanders Feel the Bern ! 
1 YOU SAIOTHATAVOTEFORGARY JOHNSONWASAVOTEFOR HILLARY THE FACT THAT HALFOFMYSTAUNCH DEMOCRAT FRIENDSAREVOTING FOR JOHNSON PROVED THATWASAUE ! imngfip com 
1 WeRateDogs Follow @ dog rates This is Bernie . He just touched a boob for the first time . 10/10 RETWEETS UKES 2,626 6,421 
1 3 hrs Black nurse in Connecticut asked me if Trump was bringing back slavery in earnest . Chuck : No ma am . I know some real raaaacists but we do n't ever talk about bringing back slavery . That 's not on the agenda . Nurse : That 's good . What do y'all talk about ? Chuck : Mostly we do n't want your menfolk having raping our women , mugging us , or killing us . We also want you to stop having kids we got ta pay for Nurse : yeah we got to stop doing that . Well I liked Donald on the Apprentice . Ill vote for him . There are too many Puerto Ricans in this country . They the ones you got ta watch Why ca n't we have a conversation like this on race ? 
1 I do n't believe that women have any rights , andlthink gays should be hanged . No , actually , l 'm a Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what a complete 4 primitive asshole you are ! You must be a Republican . Oh I 'm sorry ! apologize ! I hope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
1 WHY THE FUCK DOES IRITHE DONALD HAVE BETTER NEWS COVERAGE THAN IRINEWS made on imgur 
0 After the Bern subsides , get ready to ... Feel The Johnson 
0 MAG & WALLY Mrs. Clinton , I 'm awesome ! congratulations on the I euen beat a guy Democratic presidential nomination . That 's not a Democrat . 2016 MAC kWALy 
0 o 28 % 1:19 PM 76 AT & T M-Cell Details Dad Messages Text Message Today 1:15 PM this guy Bernie Sanders is going to bankrupt our country , son No he 's not Dad he is really kewl he is ? i didnt know that It 's true . He is very kewl and awesome I learned about it on Reddit youve convinced me . i am feeling the bern I love you dad i love you too son O Text Message Send 
0 In addition to lambasting the zoo for the death of the gorilla , campaigners also want to make the deceased primate the president of America . Polling this month revealed two per cent of Texan voters supported the animal the same level of support as for Green Party candidate Jill Stein . 
0 REPUBLICAN PARTY DONATES BOOKS TO ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 500 COPIES OF KILLING THE RISING SUN BY BILL O'REILLY 
0 Only Olmec knows the Legend behind each of the treasures in his Temple Which one are we going to hear about today . I have information that will lead to Hillary Clinton 's arrest . 
0 -47 points 5 hours ago Lol , you Redditors will believe anything as long as it comes from some disgusting democrat like Michael Moore who scams fools out of money to watch fake shit . I remember when I watched `` Sicko '' in theater with this liberal girl I was dating , she actually believed Cuba 's healthcare system is better than ours . Anyway , I 've got a date tonight with a very beautiful 23-year-old woman . She 's an Instagram model and has a degree in Economics . We plan to read some Milton Friedman in bed together tonight . You fools can have fun arguing while I have fun in real life . permalink source save save-RES report give gold reply 
0 A flash mob to vote or a candidate ( especially Bernie Sanders ) 
0 THINGSITRUST MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP @ NFL MEMES 1 . FLINT MICHIGAN TAP WATER 2 . BILL cosBY DRINKS 3 ELEVATOR RIDES WITH RAY RICE 
0 LOUDER WITH CROWDER COM A registered Democrat , Islamic terrorist mass-murders gay people . The Left blames Christians and the NRA . You ca n't write this stuff -STEVEN CROWDER SELIKE '' IF YOU AGREE 
0 THERE ARE MORE BOTH TRUMPAND THAN TWO CHOICES ! HILLARY SUCK ! THEY SUCK TOO ! 
1 This U.S. Marine was captured during a daring daylight raid . But not before he single handedly took out 13 combatants . Donald Trump would 've deported him for being Muslim . Share if you 're against Islamophobia . 
1 thewrap.com SUICIDE `` Suicide Squad ' Executive Producer Is Trump 's Chief Fundraiser Steven Mnuchin is involved in two intense missions this summer : Raising cash for Donald Trump and `` Suicide Squad '' mole show why cant 2016 be normal landmaster normal is a setting on a dryer 
0 IF YOU DISLIKE TRUMP , YOU SHOULD HELP VOTEHIMIN . THIS WAY WE CAN CHANGE HIS PARTY FROM WITHIN . YES HILLARY SUPPORTERS , THIS IS How RIDICULOUS YOU SOUND . 
0 Academy Award and BAFTA Award winner I never called anyone a 'vagina voter . What I actually said in response to being shamed for supporting a man over a woman : ( 1/3 ) t 369 803 Academy Award and BAFTA Award winner do n't vote with my vagina . It 's so insulting to women to think that you would follow a candidate JUST because she 's a woman . '' ( 2/3 ) t 460 902 Academy Award and BAFTA Award winner HRC does n't rep my interests , @ Bernie Sanders does . Simple as that . ( 3/3 ) t 199 494 
1 If you are a Clinton supporter , say these words and own them : I support fracking I support election fraud I support Big Pharma and voter suppression . I support TPP . I support arms deals I supported NAFTA . with dictators . I supported DOMA . l support drone bombing I supported repealing of innocent people . Glass Steagal . I support GMOs . I support Citizens United . I support offshore drilling . 
1 22 hrs America does not need a conservative or liberal , AMERICA does not need a republican or Democrat President or Congress , America needs our leadership to get on his or her knees and dedicate America back to God just like our forefathers did years ago ! Wake up America and turn back to the roots of this ONCE great country that once sang of God as it 's sovereign Lord . Like Comment Share 12 people like this . 
1 GARY JOHNSON HASCONSISTENTL ITS TIME FOR THE KEA OPPOSED THE DRAO WAR AND ALL TREMENDOUS SUCCESS US TO START OVERSEASINTERVENTIONS RROMAMILITARY THINKING OF IRAQ STANDPOINT ASA BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYA '' I THINK WALLSTREETS JUST GROUP A ROCKET DICETO EVEN BEYOND OPPOSEENDLESS WAR 
0 A Gary Johnson Super PAC Spent $ 30,000 on `` Internet Web Memes '' gawker.com You and 3 others 1 Comment Like Comment Share 
0 here come dat boi ! ! ! ! ! ! o shit waddup ! thought it was take . Sorry for doubting you , Bernie Sanders . 
1 Gary Johnson 's Meme Stash 4 mins . Wait , are you guys really libertarians ? You know that capitalism killed ~500,000,000 people from hunger , disease and wars in the 20th Century alone , right ? Not to mention the atrocities carried out by the US and Britain in the 19th century . How can you justify that ? I Like Comment Share Be the first person to like this . 
0 Hillary Clinton hillary Clinton Add CANCEL 
1 January 22 , 2017 Newly-appointed Secretary of Defence Christie will retain his name 's phonetic pronunciation ( kris kris-tee ) , however in written form it will appear as the text string rm ( O-O ) mn Foreign policy decisions are to be made with exclusive reliance on President Trump 's impeccable business acumen and based solely on the interests of Trumpco Industries , LLC ( now officially synonymous with America 's interests '' ) . The term Citizen of the United States is now similarly synonymous with Employee of Trumpco Industries '' . Those employees deemed unprofitable are reportable to President/CEO Trump and will be fired ( via high-powered naval railgun ) into the Gulf of Mexico President Donald J. Trump 
1 A HEAL Bill Clinton was the first nigga president , not Obama . Haha you do n't got to be black to be a nigga you can be any race . If you do nigga shit than you 're a nigga and my nigga freaky Bill got his dick sucked by a cute fat bitch while his wife was down the hall in their bed room . Now if that ai n't sum nigga shit than do n't know what is and the nigga smoke weed too . 
0 Back April 25 , 2016 , 2:15 PM Guy at bus stop : Hey sexy Girl : ignores him ] Guy : said hey you fucking bitch Girl : Please leave me alone Guy : I 'll kill you god dammit l 'll do it Me : leave her alone buster Guy : What are u gon na do tough guy Me : takes trump hat off guy 's head and puts Bernie hat on his headl That 's what Guy : Hey what the Me : you 've been bernied bub Girl : Here 's my number call me [ everyone claps and cheers ] 
1 Amazing Myths of Why For Donald Tanked The Debate Vot A `` C KIND OF VIRAL 
0 HERE COME JOHNSON 2016 FACEBOOK REASONABLE PEOPL FOR GARY JOHNSON 
0 imgflip com IVE BEEN FEELIN THE BERN 
1 spusu O N 55 O 21:42 Porn hub X FREE Access to Pornhub Premium ! HD 5:15 Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Real Celebrity Sex Tape Exposed XXX USA 9,989 Views 79 % VERIFIED 
1 Lie Detector Reveals Bush 's Secret are you a are you reptilian a closet shapeshifter Democrat , Bush-chan ? Bush-chan ? Did you d 9/11 , Bush chan ? I Bus IS IT a -- a gore . 
0 While some might see nothing but a piece of cardboard , Ernie wallows in the horrifying truth that years of innefective chemotherapy has left Bert so frail and weak that he is indistinguishable from thick card stock . Knowing Bert is no longer capable of coherent communication , Bernie wonders if his brother resents him for his miserable state , trapped here , infirm and unable to interact with the world . Not for the first time Bernie , seeing Bert struggle simply to move his eyes and to breathe , doubts he made the right choice . 
0 STRONG TOGETHER STRONG TOGETHER Hillary Clinton , seen here with Bernie Sanders , was purged in 2016 . Following her execution , Clinton was edited out of the photo by cabinet censors . Such a retouching was common during Sanders 's rule . 
0 OBAMA PITAMERICAINTHETOLER HILLARY WILL FLUSH THE PATRIOT POST 
0 HEY GIRL EVERYTIME SOMEONE DECIDESTO VOTE FOR BERNIE SANDERSISMILE 
0 T 20 % , 10:28 PM OO AT & T freep.com Detroit Free press Metroid e ress Hide Caption A Political reporter Kathleen Gray and Free Press pollster , Bernie Porn , of EPIC-MRA , discuss the shift as part of USA TODAY Network 's Facebook Live 2016 series . POLITICS New poll shows Clinton and Trump nearly tied in Michigan Aa Todd Spanaler Detroit Free Press 
1 IS BERNIE SANDERS ENDORSING THE ESTABLISHMENT HE CAMPAIGNED AGAINST OUT OF TOUCH WITH WHAT HIS VOTING BASE WANTEDP NO , IT 'S THE VOTERS WHO THOUGHT THERE H COULD ACTUALLY BE TRUE POLITICAL CHANGE IN AMERICA WHO ARE OUT OF TOUCH . made on imgur 
0 How to get to reddit frontpage XVZneWS.COm Bernie got up at 700am today and brushed his teeth 1 . Copy link 2 . Post link on r/politics 3 . Frontpage 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Issue : Chicken wings Wingstop is the spot . Some lemon pepper wings with some BWW is my chicken wing spot ! mf mango habanero sauce . Some Those BBQ wings sure are spicy ! original hots on the side so l can really feel that bern 
1 Hillary Clinton attacks Donald lrump for posting Pepe the Frog meme The Independent Sep 13 , 2016 
0 NOOING THE GOP COMING UP : FLORIDA ZIKA FIGHT WHAT TRUMP SAW PENCE EXCLUSIVE NTERVIEW 1 YEAR-OLD 'S HARD QUESTION WOOING THE GOP LIVE CLINTON REACHES OUT TO WARY REPUBLICANS MSNBC YEARS L. NEARLY DOUBLING THE FIVE-POINT ADVANTAGE SHE HELD OVER HER 8:25AM MT 
0 TRIBUNE I MeT WITH BILL CLINTON , BUT We ONLY TALKED ABOUT OUR GRANDCHILDReN . GeNeRAL LORETTA LYNCH THEY DO N'T SO , HOW ARe WANT To HAve TO ViSiT THe GRANDKiDSS THeiR GRANDMA In PRISON ! ! Cagle com 
0 HILLARY CLINCHES NOMINATION VOTE FOR BERNIE SANDERSANYNAY inngflip com 
1 I LOVE GARY JOHNSON ! DO YOU REALLY LOVE GARY JOHNSON OR ARE YOU JUST LOOKING AT CANDIDATES AND SAYING YOU LOVE THEMP made on imgur 
1 MEMBER WHEN DONALD TRUMP WAS JUST A Co HARMLESS OLD REALITYTVSTARP COMEDY 
0 Shhhhh , it will all be over soon Bernie for President Hill Just look at the pretty flowers ... . Hillary Clinton.com 
0 Instead of doing my chem homework , I am a democrat who voted for Donald Trump and not feel anything . loose skin from weight loss and I want my girlfriend [ light ] ( self subredditsimulator ) submitted 8 hours ago by confession ss # 45 268 ( 7.79 ) 
1 SAYS HE IS A BLUE COLLAR SELF-MADE MAN SAYESHEISA BLUE COLLAR SELFaMADEMAN Gary Johnson 2016 ISAN ACTUAL BLUE NOT A ECO COLLARSETF MADE SELF-MADE MAN MAN 
0 E Data to Be mtered Bernie 
0 When Trump purchased and rebuilt Mar-A-Lago the Grand mansion and estate In Palm beach , Florida he got into a dispute with the city , who are well known for being strict on zoning regulations . Trump put up a 50 foot flag pole even though 30 foot is the maximum allowed . The city imposed a 1,000 dollar fine per day . While Trump and the city argued back and forth , finally when the fine had reached 120,000 dollars Trump proposed a solution . He would donate that amount to veterans organizations , would move the flag and pole to a different location in front of the mansion and would only use a 30 foot flag pole . The city agreed . So Trump brought in the company who does Golf course construction had them build a 20 foot high grassy hill and put a 30 foot flag pole on top of that 
1 WHO CARES WHAT TRUMP SANDIN 2005 Mike Green HE WAS DEMOCRAT BACK THEN SO IT 'S NOT HIS FAULT 
0 TRUMP will release his Tax Returns WHEN ... THE BENGHAZI BITCH releases her emails 
0 UNSCATHED PENCE 
0 INIOWA BERNIE SANDERS GOT 84 % OF THE YOUTH VOTE , BUT ONLY 18 % OF THE YOUTH SHOWED UP TO VOTE . YOUNGBERNERS , YOU HAVE ONE JOB SHOWUPAND SMASH THAT MFVOTE BUTTON ! 
0 ey Girl , lem me holla at u about Bernie 
1 IF HILARY CLINTON WINS IN 2016 IT WILL BE THE FIRST TIME TWO PRESIDENTS HAS HAD SEX WITH EACH OTHER 
0 il THINK A MARRIAGE IS AS A MARRIAGE HAS ALWAYS BEEN , BETWEEN A MAN AND A WOMAN '' HILLARY BDOHAM CLINTON , 2000 ATBT politics `` Proud to celebrate a historic victory for marriage equality & the courage & determination of LGBT Americans who made it possible . @ Hillary Clinton ETHAN MILLERJGETTY 
1 TRENDING Karl Marx Chinese State Media Promotes Rap Song Admiring 19th Century German Philosopher Cretaceous-Paleogene Extinction Event Killed Off Marine Animals in Addition to Dinosaurs , Study Says Hillary Clinton : Presidential Candidate Remains Winner of Kentucky Primary After Recanvass of Votes See More 
1 This is donald trumps brother donut trump . Every 4.20 seconds donald takes a of his brothers donuts . updough this post in 375 degrees boiling oil and comment `` dont be a grump mr trump '' to help donut 
1 c-c-c mon Morty ! we g- got ta *burp* we have to solve income inequality ! Wubbaluba dubdub ! feel the Bern ! 
0 6:51 PM ... oo Verizon o 94 % , K Settings Wi-Fi Wi-Fi CenturyLink7942 CHOOSE A NETWORK FIRE-OBAMA HILLARY FOR-PRISON-2016 TRUMP 2016 Other Ask to Join Networks Known networks will be joined automatically . If no known networks are available , you will have to manually select a network . 
1 shared photo 2 hrs I really dont support Hillary Bernie or Trump ! l rather put Jesus back in the White House/America/world . BERNIE IS JUST A NICE OLD MAN WHO WANTED TO HELP US BUT U VOTED FOR THE LIAR AND THE RACIST Like Comment Share Write a comment ... 
1 In M. Night Shyamalan 's new movie , Bruce Willis discovers that had really been all along Cards Against Humanity PICK 2 compensation . Hillary Clinton . Bill Clinton , naked on a bearskin rug with a saxophone 3 cards agains Hamenes 
1 HILARY CLINTON MAKESIOKES ABOUT COLORED PEOPLETIMEBUT LIBERALSSCREAMTRUMPISTHERACIST BUT THATS NOT OF MY BUSINESS gflip com 
1 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Donald Trump will `` move on your wife like a bitch . '' He 'll grab your daughter 's crotch . He 'll grab your sisters . He 'll do it because that 's what he does . And then he 'll brag about it-on a bus , or in a car , or on aplane , or in a train Because he can . Unless you stop him . 
1 Me : Hillary oversaw a coup in Honduras which installed a regime that murders indigenous rights activists Democrat : DO YOU WANT TRUMP TO WIN 3/3/16 , 4:48 PM 
0 TRUMP 'S FACE LOOKS LIKE A TRAGIC ACCIDENT THE ANUS BLEACHING SALON made on imgur 
1 WHEN ITS ALL OVER TRUMP WILL NOT LOSE A DIME RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT IGUARANTEEIT 
0 SAYS GENDER AND RACEDONTMATTER VOTES FOR HILLARY BECAUSE ITS TIME FORA WOMAN PRESIDENT AND THINKSCULTURAL APPROPRIATION IS WRONG 
0 REMEMBER WHEN EVERYONE WAS FOR BERNIE AND NEVERWANTED HILLARY TO BE PRESIDENT PEPPERIDGE FARMREMEMBERS 
0 TRIBUNE BeRNie FeeLS THe BURN 
0 I Like Page While Obama flies around the country on Air Force One , accompanied by Crooked Hillary , with the president in plain sight campaigning for her , which is in and of wrong , yet in Kentucky we have the Democrat Attorney General of Kentucky going after a humble woman who went to jail over her belief that God intended marriage for one man and one woman . Beshear is also hot on the trail of our Christian Governor , filing one frivolous lawsuit after another . One may laugh but l fear we are n't far away from the Democrats in power herding the People of the Book into Commonwealth Stadium and unleashing the modern day lions upon us . Dm Kim Davis : Kentucky Clerk Who Refused Marriage Licenses Violated Open Records Act FRANKFORT , Ky. ( AP ) The Kentucky lawyer general 's office says an eastern Kentucky region assistant who made news When she declined to issue marriage 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Favorite DLR Conner Tanner 
0 ... .o Verizon LTE 3:17 PM 76 % Settings Wi-Fi Wi-Fi Myspe CHOOSE A NETWORK ... Hillary ClintonsPrivates MySpectrumWiFi00-5G NETGEAR 10 PONTI PONTLEXT Other Ask to Join Networks Known networks will be joined automatically . If no known networks are available , you will have to manually select a network . 
1 The Democrat Party is the world 's most successful hate group . It attracts poor people who hate rich people , black people who hate white people , gay people who hate straight people , feminists who hate men , environmentalists who hate the internal combustion engine , and a lot of bratty college kids who hate their parents . However , the real secret of the party 's success is that it attracts the support of journalists who hate Republicans , and who therefore work tirelessly to convince the rest of us that we should vote for Democrats . 
0 IF GARY JOHNSON COULD JUST -GET SOME MORE EXPOSURE THAT WOULD BE GREAT made on imgur 
0 BEFORE HILLARY HITSINOURHANDs JILL STEIN FOR PRESIDENT 
1 Dirty Donald Crooked Clinton Which Democrat Will America Choose 
1 Anonymous ( ID : WWL21 SS5 07/23/16 ( Sat ) 06:34:42 No.82336390 2 > 82336988 82337591 82338 4007 > > 8233 9818 2 82341989 82342803 82343149 2 82345582 82345632 > > 82345887 82346435 82350134 823516913 82351911 File : 14692459 56898-po ng ( 412 KB , 725x480 ) Did you think I 'd forgotten , Donald ? For a thousand years l have waited , watched in dejection as you made your pitiful country great again . I hope you enjoyed yourself . I really do . Because in the time that you were president , l have amassed a great and terrible army of of skeleton delegates skelegates , if you will , Donald . Without you around to ward off the forces of Chaos , I can finally escape from my prison . You just made your first mistake , Donald . Now l can return to that fateful night in 2016 and claim what is rightfully mine ! Together with my army of skelegates , l will finally have the majority l need to become the Republican nominee , and fight a principled conservative campaign for President . Nothing will stand in our way . Goodbye , Donald . Your New York ways will taint the Party no longer . This is the priesthood rising ! With my new powers , l will plunge this country into TENTHOUSAND YEARS of darkness , and the delegates ... they will be at my side every step of the way . Thank you , Donald 
1 YOU SHOULD NEVER STEREOTYPE ANYONE NO MATTER WHAT GROUP THEY ARE A PART OF OH YOU ARE A REPUBLICAN YOU MUST BE RACIST THEN 
0 `` Let these clowns fight it out . Meet me in the green room . What 's your name ? Melissa ? `` It 's Melania `` Whatever . Just meet me there . '' BREAKING NEWS CLINTON-TRUMP DEBATE BEGINS MOMENTARILY ON CNN 
1 RUMP AMERICA GREAT AGAIN lent majority ANDS WITH RU MP GREAT CA TRUMP TRUMP FEMINIST tor Bernie 
0 This racist democrat was chief Justice when the court decided that `` separate but equal '' was something everyone would just have to accept . 
1 George Bush do ya thing TRUMP 
1 Paul Joseph Watson @ PrisonPlan ... 3h Your family ripped apart the lives of hundreds of thousands of women and children in Iraq . Shut the fuck up , you complete cunt . Jeb Bush a Jeb Bush As the grandfather of two precious girls , I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump 's reprehensible comments degrading women . t 2,415 4,343 
0 HUMP TRUMP LHP TRUMP E TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRU METRU MP PENCE PENCE TRUMP TRUMP RUM TRUN TRUMP GREAT ILAIME TRU MP TRUMP TRUMP TRU Mt PEN TRUMP RUMITRUMP TR TRUMP TRUMP 
0 DONALD TRUMP DONALD DUCK E DONALD TRUCK made on imgur 
1 GOING OUT OF Family Moral Values Bankruptcy Must Go pocrisy tfque Republican Party LAST DAYS GOP S RENT BE SANGS 
1 Be 2016 You take the Hillary pill , the story ends . You wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe . You take the Bernie pill , you stay in truthland , and you will uncover just how deep the corruption goes . Remember : all Bernie 's offering is the truth . Nothing more . 
0 My rural neighbor is a hippie Bernie supporter and his dog got loose . Guess what I did ? NEIGHBORS BTFO ( self , The Donald ) submitted 6 hours ago by to /r/The Donald 158 comments share [ I I put on my MAGA hat , coaxed him into my car and drove the 1/3rd of a mile to his place . When I saw my neighbor , Itold him that I caught his dog illegally entering my country , and that I was deporting him . My neighbor laughed and offered me a beer , because we both understand that people with different political viewpoints can still be good neighbors . 
1 The fuck Bernie Sanders ' starter pack THE SCIENCE OF ECONOMICS THE ECONOMIC TEACHING OF LEON MACLAREN discover the conditons which allow evey indwodual true goal of Economics Patriot Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia https : //en.m.wikipedia.org wiki Patriot Mobile-friendly A patriot is someone who feels a strong support for their country , See also Patriotism RAYMOND MAKE WELL Ed Patriotism New England Patriots 
0 A comic starring : Jay Ferris bfan 1001 flea comic by Septapus The internet needs a lot of fixing in genera Anyone have windows vista or know how to fix the internet for thats why im voting for al gore `` fix the internet '' is a broad request I dunno I hear Jill Stein has a great plan to decontaminate our WiFi 
1 THIS IS A WALLINSIDE A NAZI GAS CHAMBER dwebs WHEN A DEMOCRAT MENTIONS GUN CONTROL REMEMBER THIS PICTURE 
0 As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate investigation , Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor , lifelong Democrat Jerry Zeifman . e Hillary d When asked why Hillary Rodham was fired , Zeifman said in an interview , `` Because she was a liar . She was an Constitution , the rules of the House , the rules of the Committee , and the rules of confidentiality . '' 
0 19 hrs None of your opinions matter Like Comment Share and 7 others Yeah , but that 's like , your opinion Like Reply 12 hrs Also it 's absolutely a fact that your like 9 paragraph soliloquy about black lives matter or Bernie sanders or something that you put on Facebook does n't matter Like Reply 3 hrs Especially because everyone seems to think their Facebook E profile is the fucking mouth of god Like Reply 3 hrs 
0 Bernie or Hillar Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . SUPER BOWL Issue : HALFTIME SHOW `` I wish it were `` Woo ! Play just Beyonc '' 'The Scientist ' '' 
1 New hobby : Putting Donald Trump 's mouth on puffer fish 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Robot Uprising Issue : elling at Roomba [ nervous metallic lau `` BRING IT ON HA HA HA '' ASSHOLE ! ! '' obvious plant 
0 `` Bernie looks like the guy in disaster movies who knows what 's coming but no one listens to b/c he has bad hair & keeps dropping his papers 
1 I do n't believe that women have any rights , and I think gays should be hanged . No , actually , I 'm a Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what a complete 4 primitive asshole you are ! You must be a Republican . Oh ! I 'm sorry ! A I apologize ! I hope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
0 Q10 If the candidates for President were Democrat Hillary Clinton , Republican Donald Trump , and independent Harambe , who would you vote for ? 48 % Hillary Clinton 43 % Donald Trump 5 % Harambe 4 % Not sure ... . 
0 Share Wow Care . Listen , Hills , you 're going to go on and you 're gon na make lots of policy and I will never you 're gon na watch let go , Bern ! it grow . 
1 `` I trust Hillary Clinton about as far as I can throw her . 
0 CRUZ Ha WISCON MILWAUKEE , WI 57 PM CT TED CRUZ DONALD T JOHN KAS SEN TED CRUZ DELIVERS REMARKS AFTER VICTORY IN WI GOP PRIMARY AMERICA 'S ELECTION HQ 2016 
0 Why is Bill Clinton looking like he 's got a case of the suds AN SA 
0 Cedar Rapids ashington , DC 12:55 55 PM ET 11 DAK LIVE BREAKING NEWS CLINTON LANDS IN IOWA AS FBI REOPENS EMAIL INVESTIGATION /CNNU WOLF F OF THE YEAR CONSUMER CONFIDENCE ALSO HIT A NINE-YEAR HIGH L DO I HAVE TO GO OUT THERE ? Hillary 
0 Add Friend 5 hrs I hopped in a cab today and my elderly cab driver was writing on his clipboard while driving ( literally accelerating and jotting ) , blaring Howie Carr , yelling ( like yelling , not just raising his voice in excitement , and with no provocation , I just said hello and something about the crazy weather about how Donald Trump is going to save the world , and then was pushy when I asked if they did a college discount with ID , saying `` you must be some sort of Bernie supporter socialist n the same breath he asked me how much I wanted to give him for tip so he could make the correct change . gave him an appropriate tip , because l understand cab drivers without tips ca n't actually live on the wage they 'd earn , and I 'm a fellow human bring who cares about others qaulity of life and fair pay for thier labor . But my head is still tilted and making a whattheactualfudge '' face . 1 Comment Like Comment a Share 
0 Donald Trump has been in the public eye forover30years And , he 's NEVER been accused of being a racist until he startedrunningfor president and his political opponents started attacking him THINK ABOUT IT ! ! 
0 HILLARY SCANDALS TRUMP SCANDALS called some women fat 20 yearsago 4 dead Americans in Benghazi Supportedarming Syrian jihadists , which led to rise of ISIS Supported toppling Gaddafi , which led to International migrant crisis Private e-mail server . Lied under oath about it . Took Clinton Foundation donationsfrom countries that oppress women . Clinton Foundation pay for play . Intimidated Bill Clinton 's rape victims laughed about defendingachild rapist . Called KKK leader Robert Byrd her mentor . Russian uranium deal . Rigged primaries against Bernie lied to media about her health 
0 H smoke upthe weed9 1 point 12 hours ago To give my own answer , it 's not clear that the symbolization of abstract social forces and revolutionary struggle in individuals is necessarily a bad thing . Was it bad that the leftist American fighters in the Spanish Civil War were the 'Abraham Lincoln Brigade ' ? Is it bad that in Venezuela the revolution uses the image of Simon Bolivar ? Is it bad that Hillary Clinton has a strong support base of black people because of the image they have of Bill Clinton whereas the republican base has abandoned Jeb Bush 's attempt to use the legacy of George Bush ? ls it bad that people think Kurt Cobain is a genius whereas the countless bands that mimic him are inferior All of these are forms of a `` cult of personality ' once we remove the mysticism and propagandistic function of the words . To me , the answer is that all of these are simply ways to talk about something deeper , and thus thinking about the cult of personality ironically creates its own cult of personality in which we believe this concept has real power instead of being a TI symptom of a deeper process 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Selena The loss of Selena was unsurmountable I loved J . Lo She would 've been the superstar of this lifetime as she crossed over from the Spanish-language market to mainstream in that movie ! English markets . Her fashion sense , stage presence , dance moves and charisma were like none I 'd seen before . Fuck Yolanda Saldivar . 
0 The I just got into politics a few months ago and did n't pay attention to economics and history in high school starter pack 2016 Bernin BERNIESANDERS COM Bernie FEEL 2016 THE BERN 
0 When some guy on Reddit told me that Communism goes against human nature . realized that all those years of studying dialectical materialism and political economy were useless . Bernie Sanders is right , socialism is just when the government gives you free weed Friedrich Engels 
0 Paul Ryan @ PRyan @ BarstoolBigCat 1 in 20 want to see Harambe in the Oval Office Public PolicyPolling olls Support for President : Gary Johnson 6 % , Harambe 5 % , Jill Stein 2 % 8/1/16 , 10:23 PM 1 RETWEET 1 LIKE 
0 bern png 48 KB , 733x594 ) google igdb Anonymous ( ID : yc2D15UQ ) 5 hours ago No.73661847 13661948 13662111 A-136621134 13662216 13662300 e 136623rg 13GS2381 136G2422 73663050 73663192 73663333 73663368 > > 73663529 > > 73663771 73663890 > > 73664136 > > 73664279 > > 73664291 > > 73664377 > > 73664435 > > 73664594 > > 73 FALSE AND DANGEROUS 73665677 73665999 73666059 73666192 73666215 73666278 73666302 > > 73666400 > > 73666805 > > 73667887 > > 73668267 > > 73668841 > > 73668876 > > 73 73673762 73676350 73677137 > http : //www.snopes.com/bernie-sanders-glow-sticks/ https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? vsewUTO8Nr1RSw What the fuck is wrong with you people ? How TO MAKE BERNIE SANDER 's GLOWSTICKS ! YOU WILL NEED . Anonymous ( ID : yc2D15UQ ) 5 hours ago No . 73662032 663600 63836 978 73670230 7367324 73662906 Apparently some toddler got his face blown off when his mother tried making one for him Anonymous ( ID : F4RaLf J ) 4 hours ago No . 73662906 73663200 > > 73663836 73664466 73665240 > > 73665812 > > 73668332 > > 73676432 7366 2032 I bet he 's feeling the bern 
0 Imagine if I started a hip hop career . And then l threw an underground concert and I claimed that the concert was awesome because 10,000 people showed up and cheered like crazy . But then a bunch of evidence is revealed that indicates only like eight people actually showed up and that I was completely bullshitting . At that point , everyone would believe that l am mentally deranged or that I am the biggest liar on the face of the earth . Nobody would say that I am exaggerating because that would be FAR too generous This is no different than what Donald Trump did with his outlandish `` I saw many thousands of Muslims in New Jersey cheer on 9/11 '' claim . Except for one thing . Many people still believe him or say he was `` slightly exaggerating 
1 Donald Trump winsthe Oscar for Lead Actor in a Comedy Film for his outstanding work in the GOP Presidential Debates ! 
1 Donald J. Trump @ real Donald Trump . Th v I will post a nude of myself if anyone can pass level 4 on my new game `` Trump On The Run # DownloadNow 22.5K 42K 
0 rump economic plan would r 3.5 million vols , scares me of anothe rum p Prrs alt ncy . 3 . Write down the Donald Trump quote that most impressed you Why ? 4 , Write down the Donald Trump quote that most alarmed you Why ? rump claimed he has been ouolted for 
1 Blame The Black Guy yeah , Hillary , I do n't care if you try to blame your decision to use an unsecured email server on a black guy just so long as I 'm not the black guy you 're blaming ! CARTOONS by Hen www.cartoons hen Com Copyright Henry Christensen , 2016 
1 updated her profile picture 21 hrs . l sent in my absentee ballot and I 'm feelin the bern in my favorite Bernie underwear . Friendly reminder to vote in the primary tomorrow ! Also a friendly reminder not to sexualize the female body . 
0 http : // gic10 L OCICLO com `` Bernie Sanders is now free to gic ttp vacation in Venezuela and enjoy watching his ideas put into effect . '' ttp ttp ralLogic1 htL : 1.com http John Hayward : //LiberalL dalLogic10 http : //Lib com http : //LiberalLo FaceBook.com/LiberalLogic101 http : //LiberalLogic101.com ( We do n't mind if you download and share this image , just leavetheattribution ) 
1 Many in the GoP keep calling Donald Trump a liar and manipulator . To me , liars and manipulators are 301 Republicans who were elected to the HOUSE and SENATE that PROMISED to stop Barack Obama and his godless Democrat Party 's destruction of America ... BUT DIDNT STOP ANYTHING ! 
1 FEAR LEADS TO ANGER ANGER LEADS TO HATE www.UncleSamsMisguidedChila Om HATE LEADS TO STUPIDITY STUPIDITY LEADS TO SUPPORTING HILLARY CLINTON FOR PRESIDENT ! 
0 E Victims i of Communism You Gov M e m o r a I F o u n d a t i o n First-of its kind YouGov Poll Shows `` Bernie Sanders Bounce '' for Collectivism , Surprising Support for Socialism and Communism Among Younger Americans 45 % of 16-20 year olds would vote for a `` Socialist '' , 21 % for a `` Communist '' One-third of Millennials Believe George W. Bush Killed More People Than Stalin Vast Majority Unaware of Communism 's Death Toll More Millennials Prefer Words of Karl Marx over the Bible Bernie Sanders ' Philosophy Wins More Support Than Milton Friedman 's 
1 maGBa662B5Murphy -net www.shutterstock.co What if Bernie Sanders were a Communist ? ProiectMurphy 
0 WHEN YOU FIND OUT SOMEONE YOU THOUGHT WAS A FRIEND SUPPORTS HILLARY CLINTON BLOCK 1776 REBORN 
1 VIEWER WARNING This is a pro-monarchy blog written by a monarchist . BE WARNED that materials contained in this blog are reactionary , religious , counter-revolutionary and pan-monarchist . You are advised that any and all republican governments , politicians and in particular revolutionaries will be mocked , ridiculed , insulted and unmasked for the truly disgusting characters that they are . This blog is not recommended for anyone who favors revolution admires politicians or holds an inherent respect for republican governments . Anyone who is lacking in a sense of humor , anyone who is politically correct and anyone who holds the Whig version of history is advised to leave now before you are offended , outraged or have your feelings hurt . 
1 This is the evolution of Democrats . Kennedy put a man on the moon , Obama put a man in the women 's bathroom . What a loser . What an embarrassment the Democrat party has become ! MAY 201O O Write a comment Post 
0 DISNEY-PIXAR FINDING FRANK OCEAN meANNIPCIURESm VIN PEEN l um l N E BERN WI IINAIAN FEM IRLI KTCNEJ AKIAEHIN MEALA REA SEM AL R M A AN ER_W EA ANOM RAKI H ERSEER STY REBRERAMET RK.FWU I K1IST.MWKAEXRW NAMIB__RIEEMIRAER _LELALIADRJON.WUBAOMIONARIMIERCREIIF 
1 Hillary Clinton @ Hillary Clinton @ realDonald Trump thinks democrats care about his opinion , how does it feel putting your stuff here it does n't belong ? 1272 2210 RETWEETS FAVORITES Donald J. Trump arealDonald Trump Hillary Clinton Ask Bill . 3322 5880 RETWEETS FAVORITES 
1 undervalued property tixit up . and then flip for aprofit ! Flipping Houses FOR a a Ralph R Roberts A Reference for the Rest of Us ! 1 NATIONAL BEST SELLER TRUMP THE ART OF THE DEAL From the star of NBC 's hit show App DONALD JE TRUMP with TONY SCHWARTZ HALLSTREET 
0 AND THE TRUMP PENCE WILL SOUND TO SIGNIFY THE BEGINNING OF THE END made on inngur 
0 94 % , 11:12 AM www.cnn.com/2016/05/19/politics/donald trump-egyptair-terre E BREAKING NEWS Hillary Clinton says EgyptAir Flight 804 highlights threat from organized terror groups . Watch her live now . politics CNN Donald Trump does n't wait for investigators to call missing EgyptAir flight act of terror 
0 Bernie fans when they realized they actually had to go out and vote and not just tweet about him OHATEPTUNTE . 
0 As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate investigation , Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor , lifelong Democrat Jerry Zeifman . Hillary a da When asked why Hillary Rodham was fired , Zeifman said in an interview , `` Because she was a liar . She was an unethical , dishonest lawyer , she conspired to violate the Constitution , the rules of the House , the rules of the Committee , and the rules of confidentiality . '' 
0 threedogs toaster The Mother Trump feeds it 's Trumplings a small loan of a million dollars 
0 Momma said when Mr. Trump buildsthat wall . We should put Hillary on the other side of it . And if she wants back in she can just email us . 
1 shared SubjectPolitics 's video 2 hrs It 's sad when you make the 74 year old socialist look good in comparison to you HILLARY CLINTON PLAYING THE `` NoMAN CARD '' COUNT : 1 SubjectPolitics com 1:21 IX 1,443,217 Views SubjectPolitics Like Page April 28 at 3:29am Hillary Clinton plays the Woman card 13 times in a MINUTE ... Like Comment Share she could make osama bin laden look good Like Reply 1.1 hr . Edited 
1 ISO YOU 'RE TELLING ME THAT HILLARY CLINTON WAS RUBBING ELBOWS WITH KNOWN KKK MEMBER ROBERT BYRD , DEFERRED TO BLACK CIILDEEN AS SUPER PREDATORS AND PUSHED LEGISLATION THAT DISPROPORTIONATELY TARGETS INCARCERATION OF MINORITIES BUT SOMEHOW SHE DESERVES THE BLACK VOTES 
1 12 mins 2 Not sure if real Anyone know how credible this is Sperm Whales Found Dead In FL , Stomachs Full Of Uncounted Bernie Sanders Ballots According to a press release from Florida 's marine Biologist Union , many of the whales had stomachs FULL of uncounted Bernie Sanders ballots.. wwVWZGARLIC.COM Like Comment Share I 
0 HERE JOHNSON 2016 FACEBOOK REASONABLE PEOPLE FOR GARY JOHNSON 
0 WHAT IF POKEMON GO WAS RELEASED TO D US FRO THE FBIS STANCEON HILLARY CLINTON 
0 Donald Trump 's hair looks like someone tried to use the blur tool in photoshop to cover a bald spot 
0 MAMAS Who am I supposed to vote for ? Am l supposed to vote for the Democrat who 's going to blast me in the or the Republican who 's blasting my ass ? 
0 EcakpnBeHn rnacoBnl 18 minutes ago We will have presidential nominees that people with higher IQs voted for . Why does Clinton and Trump have the majority vote ? People are generally irrational embed caHyBaj noyeT 
0 Voting for Trump because Bernie s out is like blowing a dude because your girlfriend dumped you A really racist dude @ alpaca pone 
1 WE LIKE IKE I LIKE IKE FRANK CULOTTA REPUBLICAN CLUB IN IKE/ IS FOR US WE LIKE IKE/ K 
1 Glory to Bern . 
0 My mom got kicked out of her emotionally abusive home at age 16 . She took out loans and paid for herself to graduate high school early and go to college early and go to medical school early and become a doctor , all without any financial or familial support . Her parents did n't go to college . She became an anesthesiologist . She married a bad man who left her four months after she gave birth to twin babies . He never came back or financially supported her or her children . He has n't spoken to her or me or my brother in nearly fifteen years . She worked hard so l could work hard . l was the first person in my family to go to Harvard . It was harder because I was a girl , and people do n't like girls that much , generally . I worked hard there and I worked hard after . I understand your criticisms . I understand that the American dream is broken , and that my mom 's bootstrappy story is atypical and nearly unattainable , especially for people of color . But this did happen to my mom , and I am happy she gets to see a woman president in her lifetime . This is a huge day for incredible women like my mom and Hillary and everyone else . Also I will delete your posts if they are aggressive orthreatening . respect Bernie and his supporters and l did n't go to your wall to tell you to kill yourself . 
0 J. TRUMP DONALD MA DE N MEXIC i RN 47333 
0 score hidden ] 5 hours ago My friend committed suicide at 34 , $ 80k in Hospital Debt & at least $ 40k in student loan debt , with a broken back . I can barely talk about it . All he spoke of was Bernie Sanders , voted , and killed himself when the media said he had no chance My anger is so enraging I hate to share . I knew a girl a few years back , 24 , who died of pneumonia . Fucking died of pneumonia , because she did n't have health insurance ( and was very poor ) . Never did drugs , never drank . She waited 10 hours in the Emergency room until she died of dehydration , they said . These memories are very painful . permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give gold reply hide child comments score hidden ) 5 hours ago Thank you for sharing these painful memories . These issues are infuriating and it 's important people hear about these struggles , otherwise things wont change . I 'm so sorry for the loss of your friends . permalink source embed save save-RES parent report give gold reply 
0 Hillary Clinton a HillaryClinton @ realDonaldTrump thinks democrats care about his opinion , how does it feel putting your stuff where it does n't belong ? 2210 1272 RETVEETS FAVORITES Donald J. Trump areal Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Ask Bill . 3322 5880 REE TWEETS FAVORITES ifunny.CO 
0 TRUMP WIANTISTO BE PRESIDENT BUT DOESNTPAY HIS FUCKING TAXES BUTIM CANADIAN SO ITS REALLY NONE OF MY BUSINESS 
1 Lady GARDEN Liberal Democrat 
0 25 YEARS OF THROWING SCANDALS AT HILLARY CLINTON PAYS OFF , PEOPLE HATE HER NOMINATE S DONALD TRUMP 
1 FEEL TH EL BERN 
0 The Real Racists Barack , does our Democratic Party 's belief that white people are smart enough to obtain photo IDs , and that minorities are not , make us racists ? Of course it does , Hillary , but fortunately for us Democrats , we also believe minorities are not smart enough to realize it Hen www.cartoons hen Copyright Henry Christensen , 2016 Com 
1 PUTS COUNTRY AHEAD OF PARTY DOES NOT ENDORSE TRUMP . DISTANCESHIMSELF FROM REPUBLICAN CONVENTION made on imgur 
0 All Unread I FROM Hillary Clinton Popula SUBJECT I need you right now , Jeffrey Nathan Fillion Tweeted : No , no , it 's not p Current Mailbox RECEIVED SIZE Sun 10/9/2016 4:08 P 34 KB Sun 10/9/2016 2:23 P 99 KB 
0 [ score hidden ] 55 minutes ago Stop it . I 've been a member of the Green Party since 1994 , and I have never wasted my vote by voting Green for president . There 's just too much at stake to let the GOP in the White House . permalink save report give gold replied 1 point just now That 's funny considering just 10 day ago you stated the following : `` I am a hardline democrat . But ifIwere forced to choose between Trump and Cruz , i d choose Cruz . Because his politics are consistent and the Democrats in Congress would know how to fight against such a foe . I have no idea how to stonewall or compromise with Trump . Also as much as I dislike Cruz , his demeanor is much more presidential than Trump 's . permalink save parent edit disable inbox replies delete REPLY 
1 Donald J. Trump Follow @ realDonald Trump have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke RETWEETS LIKES 45,006 44,801 11:43 AM 14 Oct 2012 
0 Donald trump 1998 FIWERE TO RUN , ID RUN ASA REPUBLICAN , THEY RETHE DUMBEST GROUP OFVOTERS IN THE COUNTRY , THEY LOVE ANYTHING ON FOXNEWS . ICOULD LIE AND THEY 'D STILL EAT IT UP I BET MY NUMBERS WOULD BE TERRIFIC . PEOPLE MAGAZINE , 1998 
0 AFTER THE TRUMP TAPE THERE WILL BEATRUMP HILLARY PORN PARODY . GUARANTEE T 
0 OCTOBER 1980 POLLS REAGAN 39 % CARTER 45 % re NOVEMBER 1980 REAGAN WON INALANDSLIDE ! DONET BELIEVE THE POLLS ! GO OUT ANDVOTE TRUMP ! 
1 re : Re : how about leave im not a trump supporter ffs lol , im not American neither , i have love for all people , im hating on the religions not every religious person ffs , dont think i only hate on muslims , christians and Catholics can suck my dick too , i was in the ira manchester bomb , but Islam is my enemy nowadays and im willing to die to fight its ideology i swear bro fuck religion off , young people in 2016 need to turn their back on it , young people are the future , imaginary sky gods are not , you should think about what the future is going to be like , its going to be bloody , im so glad i dont have kids ffs , if you have kids and you teach them religion , you have failed them , young people need to fight against all religions . 
0 Hillary for Prison 2016 wwww.hDanylonprison com CENTENNIAL 1812-2012 NEW MEXICO LAND OF EN CHANTMENT 
0 Rebecca Cohen Follow GynoStar `` Hillary hate is rooted in sexism '' `` I 'm not sexist ! support Jill Stein , a woman who does n't have & never will have any power or influence '' RETWEETS LIKES 69 242 3:30 AM 18 Sep 2016 
1 shared l Will Say and Post Anything I Want V About Barack Obama 's photo . 10 hrs Ca n't get hired , would n't work if they could ... . BERNOUTS UNITE ! Looks like a gay pride parade . Max dmdlablck BERNIE SANDERS RALLY Like Comment 18 Useful idiots Like Reply 10 hrs LOSERS ! Like Reply 9 hrs 
1 FACEBOOK RIGHT NOW Dallas Police ! Black lives matter ! Hillary ! Trump ! FBI ! Pokemon ! 
0 1,763,655 Views PlayGround added a new video . Like Page September 27 at 9:30am Barcelona , Spain Meet Jill Stein , the presidential candidate who paints graffiti on bulldozers . Like Comment Share 2 She 's crazy . Thinks wifi radiation will hurt children . Like Reply 14 hrs I would n't totally disagree , look at how many people have cancer nowadays from who knows how many factors from countries like the U.S . causing all these types of cancers and diseases Like Reply 4 hrs 
0 THINK THAT SOONER OR LATER IRITHE DONALD WILL BE BANNED BY THE ADMINS made on inngur 
0 THIS SUNDAY BECAUSE CONFLIMEMEZ I LOVE CLINTON-DIX 
1 BRACE YOURSELF DISAPPOINTED BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTERS ARE COMING made on inngur 
0 `` One thing ca n't stand is the military . It 's a hivemind of groupthinking bigots , racists and wife beaters . am voting for # BernieSanders because I believe that he will dismantle the military and bring our troops home where we can rehabilitate them in state-run ( NOT PRIVATE FOR PROFIT ) prisons so that they can learn valuable life coping skills while not being a danger to the rest of society . You should n't have to learn to kill brown people to earn free college tuition , I # FeelTheBern because know that my husband will never pick up a weapon or participate in violence and neither should anyone else . '' I HAVE NO WORDS . # FeelThe Bern 
0 Hope n ' Chains 13 April 2015 DougM Sondrakistan.com HYPOCRITES BOYCOTT HILLARY AND DEBLASIO MADE A RACIST JOKE BOYCOTT NEW YORK NORTH CAROLINA FOR KEEPIN WIENERS EXPECIN ' `` COLORED '' S TO STAY IN THEIR PLACE IN THEIR PLACE 
0 t 's funny that `` democrats '' get mad at eh `` lefties '' for supporting Bernie . But the Dem party is the party of FDR . The leftist party . All you centrist fuckers should switch to republican if you do n't want to keep progressing left . Or you old ones can hurry and die , and the young dumb ones ... Wel heard bleach tastes really good . Like Reply 9 1 hr 
0 WHAT IFIRINEWSMODS IRITHE DONALD SPIES 
0 ONE IS A STATISTDEMAGOGUE WITH MILLIONS OF DELUSIONAL FOLLOWERS LEADING the WWAY ADD YOUR NAME Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President , Inc . THE OTHER ISVLADIMIR LENIN Please research Gary Johnson . 
0 Will be the greatest Jobs president that God ever created Donald Trump 
1 at This is horrifying ! Share this to spread the word . A vote for Hillary is a vote to kill babies ! You just heard Hillary Clinton explicitly defend , and say point blank that late term partial birth abortions are ok and that she will appoint Supreme Court justices to ensure that they remain legal . That means that up until the babies due date , the baby is half delivered , kicking and screaming , and its spine is cut or brain punctured . If you 're ok with that , you are dead inside . ILLUSTRATION OF PARTIAL-BIRTH ABORTION Like Share Comment 180 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Real Nigga Hours Smash dat mutha fuckin like button ! ! ! 
1 Donald Trump 's new campaign slogan : Make Great Again Smoking crack , A web of lies . for instance . The Gaza Strip The South . Hillary Clinton 's death stare . T HUMIDITY 2 cards Against Humanity 
0 WELL , OF COURSE THE ALLOCATION RULES WERE ABRUPTLY CHANGED WE CA N'T HAVE YOU WINNING THOSE 7 DELEGATES BERNIE . IT 'S DELIGHTFUL THAT YOU THOUGHT THEY WERE ON YOUR SIDE made on imgur 
0 Actual conversation at Hillary supporter : ARE YOU VOTING TODAY ? `` Yeah , for Bernie . '' `` Okay , good luck with that , see you in September . `` Sorry , I refuse to vote for someone who plans on making it harder for me to marry the woman l love . '' Uh *thumbs up from 5+ people around me and 24 others 7 Comments 
1 I do n't believe that women have any rights , and think gays should be hanged . No , actually , I 'm a Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what acomplete primitive asshole you are ! You must be a Republican . Oh I 'm sorry ! apologize ! I hope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
1 HILLARY CLINTON AND HARAMBE ARE FALLING MOVE ALL YOUR KARMA TO THE PHONET NOW ! 12 
0 o D ... oo AT & T LTE nunlocked Y 30 % 1:47 -1:09 Electable ( Give It Up ) Jimmy Eat World Chase This Lig Of FACEBOOK 2m ago NowThis is live now : `` Watch Vice Presidential candidate Governor Mike Pence ... '' . Press for more Of FACEBOOK 2m ago NowThis is live now : `` Watch Vice Presidential candidate Governor Mike Pence ... Press home to open 
1 WHY THE FUCK ARE REPUBLICANS NOW TELLING ME I SHOULO N'T VOTE FOR GARY JOHNSON BECAUSE HE 'S NOT LIBERTARIAN ENOUGHP made on imgur 
1 IF YOU SEE THIS IMAGE WHILE SCROLLING THE FIRST PAGE You have been visited by The Unstumped bird of TRUMP President Trump will come to youn 2016 but only if you reply `` Ca n't Stump The Trump '' in this thread 
1 DOG TURDS FOR TRUMP 2016 PENCE 
0 PEOPLE i PEOPLE SO Marshall Herff Applewhite Jr . Hillary Rodham Clinton 
0 TRUMP IS GON NA MAKE ME WORK FOR MY BENEFITS 
0 And Bill Clinton gave a So Bernie Sanders gave a speech praising Hillary 12 speech on marriage ? Yes . Yes . And Obama gave a speech Boy , what I 'd give to be about the dangers of an a shovel salesman in uncontrollable president ? Philadelphia this week ! Yes . Me too . FaceBook com/LiberalLogic10 http : /Liberal Logic 101.com ( We do n't mind if you download and share this image , just leave the attribution . ) 
1 I 'M SO EVIL EVEN SATAN IS VOTING REPUBLICAN 
0 Minu TRUMPTEEING OFF PRAISES BRITISH FORTAKING COUNTRY BACK news SONY `` And call it America ll , and make it great again Trump , probably 
0 BLAMES FLINT WATER CRISIS ON REPUBLICANS AND RACISM Flint City Council 2015 Democra Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat Democrat TRY AGAIN HILLARY made on imgur 
1 Quick History Lesson : 13th Amendment : Abolished Slavery 100 % Republican Support 23 % Democrat Support 14th Amendment Gave Citizenship to Freed Slaves 94 % Republican support 0 % Democrat Support 18th Amendment : Right to vote for All 100 % Republican Support 0 % Democrat Support OBAMACARE : 0 % Republican Support 86 % Democrat Support 
0 Pre @ R . Donald J. Trump pro Trumpinsulter every or DAT BOI did an absolutely horrible job . DAT BOI should be ashamed of himself 6:41 PM 4 MAY 2016 Share this for real AGAIN ! OW 
1 Donald Trump and Barack Obama somehow ended up at the same barbershop As they sat there , each being worked on by a different barber , not a word was spoken . The barbers were even afraid to start a conversation , for fear it would turn to politics . As the barbers finished their shaves , the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave . Trump was quick to stop him saying , 'No way buddy , my wife will smell that and think I 've been in a damn whorehouse . The second barber turned to Obama and said , 'How about you ? ' Obama replied , 'Go ahead , my wife does n't know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like 
1 `` DonALD TRUMP IS A FAT ORANGE LOUDMOUTH AND HILLARy CLITony IS CROOKED , AND JET THE PALUns ARE 5TILL ARGUInG OVER THEm . EXACTLy HOLLI THE IMASTERS ... InTEnDED . AND HERE I Am , RISING ABOVE THE BULLSHIT . TOO INTELLIGENT AND TOO ALLAKE , TO BUSy MUSELF in THE SOUABBLinG OF THE 1 % 5 CHOSEn CANDIDATES , A DELIBERATE DISTRACTIOnA IT IS An ILLUSION . AND L HAVE mORE IMPORTANT MATTERS TO ATTEND TO 
0 A FUTURE TO BELIEVE IN BERNIE SANDERS.COM 
0 BERNIE SAN-DOES WHAT HILLARY CLINTDONT mgflip.com 
1 MINNESOTA GOVERNOR RAISESTAXES ONTHE RICH TO BOOST EDUCATION FUNDING RAISES THE MINIMUM WAGE AND SIGNSANEQUAL PAY LAW STATE BECOMES THE FIFTH FASTEST GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US , UNEMPLOYMENT DROPS TO JUST 3.2 % , ITS $ 2.6BILLION DEFICIT BECOMESA $ 1BILLIONSURPLUS , AND ITS ECONOMIC CONFIDENCE RISESTOTHE HIGHEST OF ANY STATE AMERICANS AGAINST THE REPUBLICAN PARTY 
1 Ivp debatel MODERATOR : ur running mate supported the iraq war PENCE : Well trump ziplines in WRONG MODERATOR : mr trump ucannot be here 10/4/16 , 5:18 PM 147 RETWEETS 364 LIKES 
1 AS WORTHLESS AS STATES AMMEEREEA 0 0 c U 8 12 THREE 0 0 ICU 8 12 MILARS A CLINTON PROMISE made on imgur 
1 POLITICS Trump entertains idea of not serving as president if he wins election 
0 OPENING RIAL NOT SEEING RITHE DONALD 
1 DEAR VIEWERS , JUST NOW DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED US PRESIDENT BASCHAR , I WILL PULL ALL MY TROOPS OUT OF SYRIA BY MIDNIGHT ! Kamran 
0 THIS IS DINO VELVET HES THE GUY WHO VIDEO TAPED HILLARY CLINTON AT THE 9/11 MEMORIAL HE 'S GOING TO SHOOT HIMSELF IN THE BACK OF THE HEAD TWICE TONIGHT . mematic.net 
0 [ deleted ] 353 points 2 years ago Gary Johnson , I can not afford the therapist I know I need and overall feel as if I have no future . I am just another poor person being squeezed out and left to dry by the ultra-rich . As someone wanting to run for president , what hope can you give me that the country being fiscally conservative ' is going to help me and my family reach that american dream of upward mobility ? What will individual freedom and liberty do to help my situation ? permalink embed save C-1 A GovGary Johnson [ s ] -475 points 2 years ago The best chance you have to reach the American dream is through entrepreneurship . Individual freedom and liberty will better allow you to do that . Create your own job do n't be a victim . Take control of your own future permalink embed save parent give gold 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Want to do some dabs ? 
0 phase 2 Phase 1 Phase 3 Make Collect Ravenous America Great Supporters Again Donald J. Trump 's Fantastic Campaign Plan 
0 facebook.com The Donald Wants to be president . Describe him in two words : DESCRIBE RIM IN WO WORDS 198 890 O I Like Comment Share 856 of 890 Smart 
0 IT 'S SO COLD saw a Democrat with their hands in their own pockets 
1 Max @ mdlabick BERNIE SANDERS RALLY 2016-02-24 , 10:10 AM 
0 what if bernie sanders was an apache helicopter ? ProjectMurphv 
1 47 % 1:17 PM AT & T E /r forward Strom O C forwardsfromgrandma lmgur . Com Trump Train Sep 13 at 9:02am One day , Hitler referenced the Jews as deplorable and irredeemable . The crowd agreed The next day , Auschwitz was born . Hillary Clinton called millions of conservatives a basket of deplorables , irredeemables . The crowd agrees Whats next a concentration camp for conservatives . 
1 I HATE THE GOVERNMENTSO I VOTE REPUBLICAN TO TRY TO SHRINK IT FUCK ME RIGHT made on inngur 
1 heh mainstream culture frowns on bernie sanders so this hat might ostracize me but i stand up for what i believe in im a dangerous freedom fighter heh Bemie I 'll never fall sway to the status quo I 'm a rational thinker , not an emotional sheep . GOD FUCKING Knit DAMN IT FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT FUCKING IDIOT FASCIST 
0 MIKE PENC DONALD TRUMP PRESIDENT VICE PRESIDENT TREY GOWDY BEN CARSON SURGEON GENERAL ATTORNEY GENERAL JEANINE PIRRD ALLEN WEST SECRETARY DEFENSE SUPREMECOURILUSIC : NEWT GINGRICH SECRETARY OF STATE RUDY GIULIANI HOMELAND SECURITY DAVID CLARKE COMMISSION ON LAWENFORCEMENT 
0 `` This Will Be The End Of Bernie 's Campaign , '' Says Increasingly cucked SMALL REDDITOR 
1 February 3 at 6:30am The differences ... `` I vote Republican . I vote Democrat . lown my own business . I pooped myself A Share 48 people like this . 16 shares Now that 's funny 1 February 3 at 11:05am at about covers it ! 1 February 3 at 5:53pm https : //www.youtube.com watch ? v 1fuSqSyTdzQ Rag OnA Stick ( Extended ) httpd/www.ingeniouspress.com 
0 d 86 % 8:28 AM 4G Men Are Treating 2016 As . I feel queasy about being a man right now . It 's not because of men like Trump , we all knew they existed Rather , it 's the overwhelming data showing that , as a group , only women are capable of seeing what is so wrong with Trump . And not just his remarks about women , too : He 's awful on religion , race , nationality , you name it . Yet , statistically , men just are n't seeing it . The men who are voting for Clinton generally would have voted for a Democrat anyway I just feel dirty Men Are Treating 2016 As A Normal ' Election ; Women Are n't fivethirtyeight.com O Write a comment 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Favorite Call of Duty ? CALL DUTY 
0 Bernie is Red Free College Tuition WAKE ME UP INSIDE Goofy Edition 
1 angel enriquez 5 days ago a Donald glover looks exactly like childish gambino wtf Reply 776 
0 Google News & Weather 10:32 PM Bernie Sanders , Vowing to Stay in Race , Ass . GE New York Times 
0 IREFUSETO DEBATTEMY PRIMARYOPPONENTBECAUSE IMFOCUSEDON THE GENERAL MYPRIMARYOPPONENTGETSTO DEBATE THE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE mgfip.com 
0 SANDERS N 2016 Bernie Sanders Communist Fl tem condition : New Quantity 1 Was US $ 19 89 You save : $ 9.94 ( 50 % off ) Price : US $ 9.95 6 watching Free shipping Shipping FREE Standard Shi 
1 SUCCESSFUL REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR FOR8 INDEPENDENT POLITICIAN FOR ALMOST 40 YEARS YEARS Gary Johnson 2016 BECOMES A STANDS BY WHAT HE DEMOCRAT TO RUN BELIEVES IN AND RUNS FOR FOR PRESIDENT PRESIDENT AS A LIBERTARIAN 
0 Donald J. Trump @ real Donald Trump hrm u Hillary Clinton @ Hillary Clinton emno boys inm Single 171,794 281,840 1:40 PM 9 Jun 2016 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : Venom An incredible band that 's one A toxin injected by of the most influence metal an animal from a bands of all time . With out them there would be no sting or bite . black , thrash and death metal . bernieorhillary.jaxbot me 
0 IF TRUMP LOSES Illegals will pour into our country Our borders will be unsecured . China will put us further in debt . ISIS will not be destroyed and will thrive . The Constitution will no longer exist ! Our economy will NEVER ever recover . Radical Mslm will take control and destroy our way of life . Our Vets will die shamelessly . No matter where you or your family go , you wo n't be safe . America will no longer exist ! Vote Donald Trump ! 
0 Cox Communications Once again , the internet and TV are out . Second time this month . I may not be a cable repair man , but i am qualified to say your service sucks . Things I trust more than Cox service to work -A drink made by Bill Cosby -A blood transfusion from Charlie Sheen Anything Hillary Clinton says -Bill Clinton at an intern convention Tap water in Mexico ISIS Casey Anthony babysitting my kids Just saying . 
1 Is snoop dogg cute ugly ? i just wanted to know dogg 1 following 16 answers Trending Now Miranda Lambert New Bern NC Payday Loans Hearing Aids Justin Bieber Louisiana Lottery Sean Penn Alaska Airlines Maria Sharapova Luxury SUV Deals Answers Relevance Best Answer : He looks ok . I guess Lisa J 9 years ago Comment Asker 's rating I think when he was new to the whole music hip hop thing , we was good looking , because of the fact that he was young , but now I do n't really know I ai n't gay by the way , nuthin wrong with beig gay , i think . Axe 9 years ago 410 Comment 
0 `` Trumpets '' `` Trump Pence '' `` Trumpets ! '' 
1 sse . Jos ue . Michael Bay 's new three-hour action epic pits against Bernie Senders The biggest , blackest dick . Cards Against Hu 1 Cards Against Human Cards Against Humanity 
1 Anonymous ( ID : mHMIfKBM ) 06/24/16 ( Fri ) 12:04:04 No . 78570860 File : toupees ng ( 287 KB , 497x294 ) All I know is that when Trump and Boris are both elected leaders , they 'll be like toupees in a pod 
0 FINALLY FEELIN THE BERN I LOVE HOW ALL THE BERN- OUTS ARE LIKE , IT S JUST THE TIP ! JUST THE TIPI MENDORSE DOESNT MEAN DROPPING OUT ! '' HE DID NOT HAVE CAMPAIGN RELATIONS WITH THAT WOMAN made on imgur 
0 3 hrs This was in my Facebook feed this morning from a church friend : `` ... two days ago our younger son came into my office after waking up . He had tears in his eyes . had a nightmare that Donald Trump was president . He put everyone in America on a boat . The boat split in half . You and daddy were on the other side from brother and me . ' We do n't have cable or local TV . Our son has limited exposure to the stuff of politics . But still , the message is loud and clear . And that is what breaks my heart . want to shield both of our sons from messages of hatred . But in the current election , that is very , very difficult 
1 I do n't believe that women have any rights , and think gays should be hanged . No , actually , I'ma Muslim and those are my religious beliefs . Wow , what a complete primitive asshole you are ! You must bea Republican . Oh ! I 'm sorry ! apologize ! Ihope you do n't think I 'm Islamophobic ! ( c ) 2016 Dixon Diaz 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . MEMES Issue : `` I enjoy watching those Montage Paro- `` Damn Daniel '' dies on YouTube '' obvious plant 
1 PRESENTING THE NEW OFFICIAL LOGO OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY STEDVINT 
0 Bernie or Hillary ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : here come dat boi o shit *Here comes that boy . waddup obvious plant 
0 TRUMP OR HILLARY ? IM COMING , HARAMBE ! 
0 ITE 41 % 12:29 PM AT & T Bernie Sanders is my HERO 11 hrs Today , I had a front row seat to the Bernie Sanders rally in Washington DC . After the speech he shook the hands of supporters in the crowd . He approached me , I tapped his shoulder and told him `` do n't quit . '' His eyes began to water as he hugged me , thanked me , and promised to stay in the race . AFUTURE TO BELIEVE IN 
0 Bernie Sanders @ Bernie Sanders 10h how do craft redstone ? V 2.2K Donald J. Trump @ realDonaldTrump 7h Bernie Sanders you ca n't craft redstone . You have to mine it , dummy . 5.3K 
0 L Democratic Party Republican Party X Cocktail Party 
0 Donald Trump and his squad look like The Purge 3 Party 
0 Why are so many Millennials voting for Bernie Sanders ? Simple , they grew up learning some valuable lessons The Media is not always honest and often manipulates the facts in order to push the narrative they want people to believe . Unchecked power and privilege often oppresses and marginalizes groups based on differences , thus inducing inequality and hate . Evil comes in all forms . Even the most innocent looking can be a power-hungry , greedy , vindictive , corrupt , narcissistic , liar . It is true bravery to stand against evil and corruption and for what is Rightin the face of extreme opposition , People can be victorious when they STANDUNITED ! # Not Meus And ultimately , Millennials learned ally is a wise old man who cares BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT in 2016 `` Age is foolish and forgetful when it @ PoliticoPotter underestimates youth . '' -Albus Dumbledore 
0 Harold M . for STATE District 6 Endorsed Democrat l Vote November Ath Democratic V A Balanced Approach to State Policy Making I will continue to support education funding to produce an educated workforce with the skills to to Island . I will to it is important for the least of society , as ect the to maintain the social safety network des advocating ( seniors and ised for re-entry programs for prison . orted trong 
1 R/ENOUGH JILL STEIN SPAM comments If this gets 690 upvotes Bernie Sanders will be deported to Sweden ( self enoughsandersspam ) Aa submitted 20 hours ago by 30 comments share save hide give gold report sorted by : best you are viewing a single comment 's thread . view the rest of the comments -1 9 points 16 hours ago Fuck it , put him in Gitmo permalink embed save report give gold reply 
0 SO HILLARY AND BERNIE ARE DEBATING SOCIALISM AND CRUZ IS BUSY WITH CAITLYN JENNER 'S FACEBOOK VIDEO on Ingur 
1 23 hrs To all my friends on FB , just a short note to you on our pus headed `` president '' This character who l refer to as zero ( 0 ) should have been taken out by our military and shot as an enemy agent in his first term Instead he still remains in office doing every thing he can to gut the America we all know and love Now comes Donald J Trump to put an end to the corruption in government The so called elite , who are nothing but common dog turds from your front lawn are shaking in their boots because there is a new Sheriff coming to town , and the end to their corruption of the American people ( YOU ) is at hand I can not believe that a common murder is even allowed to run ( killery clinton ) OR that a commie like bernie is a also allowed to also run Come on America put your big boy pants on -- this election you have a choice -- GET YOUR ASS OUT AND VOTE Thank you ni Like Comment Share 
0 After Cookie Monster loudly declares he is `` Feeling the Bern ' , Ernie re-christens him `` The Cuck-y Monster '' 
1 July 14 at 10:03 AM Here 's a social experiment for ya , go to the Donald J . Trump Facebook page and see how many of your friends have `` liked '' his page . Then go to Hillary Clinton 's Facebook page and see how many of your friends have liked her page and post the results below . Chances are if she wins it 'll be because of voter fraud . Hillary 4 Trump 185 Like Share Comment 4.7K 
0 # Feel The Bern 
0 St. Louis 8:37 AM CT HILLARY NICKELBACK 2nd PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE LIVE ON CNN TONIGHT # CNNSOTTU LIVE TRUMP : `` I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE '' l CNN Amanda Carpenter CNN Political Commentator 9:37 AM ET STATION , LONG ISLAND RAIL ROAD SPOKESMAN SAYS ABOUT 600 PAS STATE OF THE UNION 
1 Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Said some dumb Bullshit Likes a nice bit of Gorgonzola Wallace 
1 BENGHAZI CO ILLALLOWIT ! THE CLINTON FOUNDATION CD ILLALLOWIT ! VOTER TAMPERING CD ILLALLOWIT ! LYING TO THEAMERICAN PEOPLE CD ILLALLOWIT ! 
0 BOOKS OF ADAM By ADAM ELLIS Not the original comic ! Inequality Income Feel the BERN SHHH ft.com/buzzfeedadam I 'm voting Bernie because the 1 % needs to pay their fair- TAXATION IS THEFT 
1 ELECTORAL MAP CLINTON WNS 272 VOTES THE ROAD TO 270 272 EURETION NIGH CLINTON 179 ON CNN BREAKING NEWS LIVE WENER SENTING PROBE LEADS FBI TO REVIEW CLINTON CNN CASE FROM THE US . MILITARY , 9:33 PM E CHINA 'S MILITARY SPOKESPERSON SAYS AM AC360 
0 CBS NEWS DEBATE `` Thank you , good night and may the Force be with you . '' HILLARY CLINTON ____ 
1 le me in school e MA C bernie Sanders is dumb trump FF s li eld Ju FFE FF UU 
1 WHAT IFI TOLD YOU THAT MORE THAN 40 % OF CONGRESS ARE HILLARY SUPERDELEGATES SOINCREASED SUPPORT FOR GARY JOHNSON WILL RESULTINAHILLARY PRESIDENCY NO MATTER WHAT 
0 IF MR . BRIGHT HERE TOLD YOU TO VOTE REPUBLICAN , WOULD YOU DO IT ? OH , UH , NO , SIRI DO N'T VOTE REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT . CHOOSING IS A SIN . SOI ALWAYS JUST WRITE IN THE LORD 'S NAME ! THAT 'S REPUBLICAN ; WE COUNT THOSE . 
1 How do I fix Americas immigration problem ? Can I call you back ? Bernie is on the other line asking me about economics . 
1 Hillary Clinton will endthe Republican war on women . Those women were ng Whores Did n't she marryA a serial rapist ? HILLARY 2016 Eileen Wellstone Elizabeth Gracen Juanita Broaddrick Regina Hopper Kahleen Wiley Sandra Janes Kathy Bradshav Cristy Zerche Paula Jones HIL Carolyn Motet 
1 `` The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families , when you get these terrorists , you have to take out their families . They care about their lives , do n't kid yourself When they say they do n't care about their lives , you have to take out their families Donald Trump , December 2nd , 2015 
0 MONESSEI UNDU MAN UNPs are do he SCOTT BEVERIDGE/OBSERVER-REPORTER John Bogacik of Elizabeth stood among Donald Trump sup- porters Tuesday when the presidential candidate spoke at a private gathering in Monessen . 
0 V FULL SPEECH : Donald Trump Republican National Convent Et ABC15 Arizona 67,247 view aoC REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION ARIZONA 57:42 1:16:41 
0 MAGAZINE SEARCH EMAIL SIGNUP poumoo.coM 8 f OUR LATEST I 'M WITH ECER Add my name 2016 Think You 've Got It Locked , Hillary ? Meet Jill Stein . The Green Party candidate insists it 's her year to get noticed and she may make it onto 47 state ballots . By BILL SCHER I June 19 , 2016 Getty Images 
0 New Clinton campaign merchandise Welcomes Bernie supporters . I 'M WITH HER 
1 WHO HAS THE BETTER DISSP NOTBILLWALTON You a fan , a phony , a fake , a pussy , a Stan Trump is a phony , a fraud , his promises are whip your ass , you 3G in a karate class as worthless as a degree from Trump univers 
0 Feel The Bern 
0 # Feel The Bern Bernie or Hilla Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : No Era Penal Robben is a good l totally agree with Rafa Marquez and my fellow Mexican friends . Robben aka flopper . Flopping Mr. Clean flopped and elimiated Mexico from the World Cup . have to say that is part of soccer . was one of the most depressing day of my life . Shi Wants The 
0 REVOLUTIONARY CHANGE YOU MEAN LIKE CAMPAIGNING FOR BERNIE SANDERS , RIGHT ghip.com 
0 Had an Ethics class where people were shitting on Trump . destroyed most of their arguments . Prof asked me to stay after class . He thanked me and told me he was afraid to be pro Trump in that class . 
1 `` Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the situation room `` Deciding wether to send our troops into battle '' . 
0 Hillary Clinton was a young woman who lived in a closet under some stajrs . 
1 IF YOU WANT TO MAKE REDDIT GREAT AGAIN DOWN VOTE EVERY PRO TRUMP POST DOWNLOAD ME GENERATOR FROM HTTP //MEMECRUNCH.COM 
0 my history my staunch democrat teacher always praises students who give other students a green scantron when those students forgot to bring one He says `` wow look at the socialism in the room , maybe bernie has a chance after all '' 
0 Bernie or Hillary or space socialism ? Be informed . Compare them on the issues that matter . Issue : space `` Space is both the `` What we need to `` I met James metaphor for the limitless worry about is the Armstrong aspiration of our 1 % here in 'Murica revolution and the canvas once and he blah blah blah '' on which we shall paint the was very tall '' future 
0 for us THE WITH SITUATION ROOMBLITZER 2016 CLEVELAND TRUMP AM LIVE L BREAKING NEWS CLINTON , TRUMP DOESNTDESERVE MUCH CREDIT FOR AID TO VETS CAN S & P 2.10 ST HIM BIG PORTIONS OF THE PLAYBOOKS ARE DEDICATED TO HOW T SITUATION RooM 
0 Follow l refuse to think of the United States of America represented to the rest of the world by this racist cunt . He would line his crony 's pockets by immediately engaging us in another war , sending our precious men and women overseas to die so they can get rich ? NO- Meanwhile turning this country into a fascist regime where nobody Brown is safe to walk the street unmolested ? ? HELL NO . FUCK THAT NOISE . f he wins the nomination and you sit on your ass at home and do n't vote to ensure he does n't win the election , then you do n't deserve to breathe . Yes , I DO feel that strongly about it . `` Get him the hell out of here ! ' : Trump sics supporters on black protester who gets beaten and kicked CNN reporter Jeremy Diamond postedvideo to Twitter of a black protester being shoved down , punched , kicked and tackled during a political rally for Trump in ... RAW STORY COM 66 Likes 22 Comments 14 Shares 
1 Paul Horner 1 hr Phoenix `` She 's a great daughter , the best daughter . And if she was n't married , which is a horrible marriage by the way , l would be up in that , way up . And it would be a great time , the best time there is , I think we can all agree on that . And incest laws in this country are not good , they are a disgrace . And we can thank crooked Hillary for that , who is just a horrible person , the worse person there is . And we can make incest laws in this country great again , the best laws , the greatest laws ever . '' # Trump Talk 
1 YO GARY JOHNSON 2016 , IMMALETYOU FINISH BUT RON PAUL 1988 WAS THE GREATEST LIBERTARIAN CAMPAIGN OF ALL TIME 
0 NGSTOWN HIO AUGUST 15 Rudy Giuliani : Former New York City Mayor Says There Were No Successful Terror Attacks 'Before Obama ' Giuliani said there were no successful radical Islamic terrorist attacks in the U.S. in the eight years before Obama was president , and that they `` started when Clinton and Obama got into office . '' YOU WENT FULL RETARD NEVER GORULLRETARD . 
1 Pussy almost brings down Trump Weiner knocks out Clinton 
1 CLINTON SAID SHE B BRINGING BACK RUGRATIS AM GOING TO UOTE FOR HER 
0 2 hrs THAT AwKWARD MoMENT wHEN ... I. BERNIE SANDERS ADMITs HE IS A DEMocRATIC SoCIALIST . 2 . NAZIS wERE DEMocRATIC SoCIALISTs 3 . AMERICA FOUGHT AN ENTIRE WORLD WAR To STOP THE ADvANCE oF DEMocRATIC SoCIALISTS . SINCERELY SANE AMERICANS Like Comment a Share and 9 others A Nazi is a member of the National Socialist German Workers ' Party . They are not Democratic Socialists . Like Reply 12 mins Write a comment ... 
1 FOR HILLARY BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS Stop Voting out of Fear ! Vote Green Vote for Jill Stein 
0 Debate Site St. Louis 3:21 PM CT HARA ENTSPIZZ . BREAKING NEWS BAMA SPEAKS FOR IST TIME SINCE TRUMP SVULGA KAINE : `` IT IS NOT JUST WORDS . IT IS TALKING ABOUT A F 
